If dollar go Wall Street Japanese finally move dollar investment serious Japan investment manager say. The Japanese dominant foreign investor U.S. Dollar security already sell U.S. Equities. But "if dollar fall steeply happen yesterday Japanese investor definitely try withdraw significant fund U.S. Shares" Akira Kawakami deputy manager Nomura Investment Trust Management Co Ltd's international investment department. An unstable low dollar affect Japanese investment U.S. Bonds. "Japan-U.S. Interest rate differential currently look wide mean absence dollar stability" Kawakami. U.S. Bonds benefit due gloomy economic picture follow estimate huge loss stock major U.S. Institutional individual investor said. The effect rule U.S. Interest rate rise. But Japanese investor U.S. Bonds wiating dollar really stable said. The dollar hold firm above 142 yen Tuesday morning. "Although Japanese investor sell huge amount stock New York yesterday look chance lighten U.S. Stock inventories" Hiromitsu Sunada manager Meiji Mutual Life Insurance Co's international investment department said. Their sale help send Wall Street stock 508 point 1738 market's big percentage drop 1914. "Investment U.S. Stocks bond difficult consider dangers" Katsuhiko Okiyama deputy manager chief adviser Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd's fix income security marketing group. Japanese investment start pick market stop react Wall Street manager said. The Tokyo yen bond market likely stabilise week investor wait for. The bottom yen bond 6.3 pct yield 5.1 pct 89th bond said. "The basic background support stock bond market changed" Norio Okutsu assistant manager Nikko Securities' bond department. "But outflow fund U.S. Will decreasing." However already evident month ago said. REUTER 

NEC Corp NIPN.T> supply Matra-Harris Semiconducteurs SA(A)> (MHS) France manufacturing technology 16-bit microchip microcomputer NEC spokesman said. MHS joint venture France's MATRA MATR.PA> Harris Corp HRS> U.S. Will manufacture market globally microcomputer base NEC's Micron PD 78312 Micron PD78310 chips. MHS pay NEC undisclosed sum technology. REUTER 

The Finance Ministry wait-and-see stance Tokyo Stock Exchange movement gravely concerned sharp fall stock price senior Ministry official said. The official decline identify told reporter 7.3 pct drop Tokyo stock price morning cause primarily psychological factor follow 22.5 pct fall New York stock price overnight. He Ministry close contact Tokyo Stock Exchange plan yet specific measure regard fall. REUTER 

The outlook Mexico's economy stockmarket remains optimistic despite market's worst-ever fall 52671.56 point Monday president Mexican stock exchange Manuel Somoza said. He 16.51 pct drop exchange's index reflect "totally emotional" reaction Monday's fall New York stock exchange reflection crisis Mexican economy stockmarket." He speak news conference Monday. "We psycological effect market tend stabilize itself" Somoza said. Somoza base optimism relatively bright outlook Mexican economy due increase income oil non-petroleum export record foreign reserve government effort promote modernization industrial sector. "The U.S. Economy Mexican" said. He market stabilize. He trader originally expect market level Monday week's profit take pull index 44207 points. News "enormous problems" New York reach Mexico City local market open cause flurry sell Mexican exchange Somoza said. The stockmarket risen 629 pct September. Somoza Monday's volume 15.3 mln share compare average 53 mln indication day's drop sign major collapse. He deny rumour day's loss result government brokerage manipulation. REUTER 

Asian cocoa producer expand output despite depressed price dismiss suggestion London market cocoa inferior. "Leading cocoa producer try protect market product" spokesman Indonesia's directorate plantations. "We're happy long-term future." Malaysian grower try expand sale Asia United States Malaysian cocoa suitable European tastes. They respond comment London trader tonnage unwanted cocoa bean Malaysia Indonesia Papua New Guinea (PNG) help depress cocoa prices. London trader Asian cocoa consider unsuitable western palate acrid odour level free fatty acids. Ng Siew Kee chairman Malaysia's Cocoa Growers' Council Malaysia expand sale Asia United States produce type suitable Western Europe. A spokesman PNG Cocoa Industry Board London market mistaken link PNG cocoa high-acid Malaysian Indonesian beans. "When market decline buyer seize anything talk prices" spokesman said. He PNG sell whatever cocoa produces. PNG export 33000 tonne cocoa 1986/87 cocoa end September 30 nearly 50 pct export West Germany 16 pct U.S. And rest Netherlands Britain. The Indonesia spokesman Agriculture Ministry official wish identify Indonesia quality continue expand sales. He described criticism quality Indonesian bean "trade politics" Jakarta's traditional link Dutch buyer meant difficulty exports. Indonesia Malaysia Asia's big commodity producer expand cocoa output outside International Cocoa Organization (ICCO). Officials Malaysian production expect total 150000 155000 tonne calendar 1987. This 131000 tonne 1986 partly three-year drought Sabah country's large cocoa grow area. Production Indonesian cocoa bean triple 31600 tonne calendar 1986 10284 tonne 1980. Output project rise 50000 tonne 1988 38000 tonne tree mature. Both Malaysia Indonesia low cost producer trader low price longer West African countries. According Kuala Lumpur trader price fall 1000 ringgit tonne (about 250 stg) cocoa production Malaysia uneconomic. Some trader believe main quality harvest fermentation techniques. One trader Malaysian cocoa virtually indistinguishable West African output treat large Malaysian estates. REUTER 

Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone quote Kyodo News Service say watch stock market situation. "We watch little longer. New York 22 pct London 10 pct compare Japan seven pct down" Kyodo quote tell reporters. Asked agree analyst call stock sell-off "Black Monday" Nakasone said: "Compared time past economics change completely." He reject comparison situation stock market collapse 1929 recession followed. REUTER 

Malaysia's oil company Petronas advise government raise crude oil output 540000 barrel (bpd) 1988 current 500000 bpd senior company official said. "We capacity produce amount" Rastam Hadi Petronas's Vice-President Upstream Sector said. The government announce decision Friday unveils country's budget. Malaysia raise output month current level 420000 bpd review oil market. In May Malaysia cut output 420000 bpd 459000 response call OPEC boost prices. REUTER 

Bank Japan governor Satoshi Sumita welcome Monday's U.S. And West German joint confirmation commitment Louvre accord. Sumita statement stockmarkets excessively concerned economic future. The Bank Japan continue adhere policy coordination base Louvre accord February said. The accord call stability foreign exchange rates. Exchange rate generally regain stability economy industrialise nation head steady recovery said. REUTER 

The Reserve Bank New Zealand evidence suggest fall share price affected financial stability maintain firm monetary policy. Governor Spencer Russell statement central bank accept argument battle inflation low priority sharemarket's plunge. Russell bank statutory responsibility -- implement government's monetary policy bring inflation ensure financial sector's stability. "Unless bank direct otherwise firm monetary policy continue so" said. "And yet evidence available bank suggest fall share price affected stability financial sector." The Barclays share index fell record 504.75 point 292526 Tuesday decline 14.7 pct. REUTER 

Tanzania arrange sell 53000 tonne maize Malawi Mozambique Zaire radio Tanzania said. The radio grain deliver soon give detail value sales. Tanzania expect record maize harvest 2.3 mln tonne 1987/88 financial end June bumper crop 2.1 mln 1986/87. REUTER 

About 60000 tonne harvest raw cotton spoil rain Tanzania's northern Shinyanga region store crude village shed radio Tanzania reported. The cotton worth billion shilling cannot move ginneries region mill warehouse full. Many mill work lack spare part added. Agriculture Ministry official forecast 1987/88 cotton harvest 200000 tonne 215000 1986/87. REUTER 

Tokyo Stock Exchange president Michio Takeuchi exchange immediate plan suspend trading cool panic stock selling. However Tokyo consider measure London New York exchange close overnight. "I don't happen" added. He told reporter exchange relax margin requirement effective Wednesday encourage stock buying. Takeuchi sharp fall stock price mostly due psychological factors. "We keep close watch market movement expect market stabilise soon" add individual investor remain calm. "It advisable wait autonomous recovery market" said. The margin requirement cash reduce 50 pct 70 pct margin collateral requirement equity rise 70 pct 60 pct effective Wednesday said. Takeuchi exchange specific plan coordinate action New York London exchange stabilise stock prices. The drop Wall Street cause various factor primarily result correction overvalue share price said. The current stock price plunge cannot compare Great Depression economic environment added. The exchange change plan introduce stock future trading despite press report Wall Street fall link future trading said. REUTER 

President Corazon Aquino Philippines closely monitoring rate wake Monday's record drop Wall Street steep decline Manila Asian stock markets. "We monitor development closely continue hope precipitate decline economic activity world" Aquino told meeting 13 major Philippine groups. "The Philippines trading country economy depends continued health growth economy trading system" said. The Manila Stock Exchange composite index plunge 105.49 point 11.79 pct midday close 789.54 depressed record 508 fall Dow Jones industrial average Monday. "The Philippines addition borrower nation affected development rate level carefully monitor impact development rate gold commodity prices" Aquino said. "We welcome statement leader urge calm difficult situation" added. REUTER 

Nissan Motor Co Ltd NSAN.T> start market remodelled version wheel drive (4WD) Safari vehicle Japan. Nissan statement hope sell 250 vehicle month Japan. It plan soon start export 3400 vehicle month Australian Middle East Asian market name Patrol spokesman said. It sell vehicle Europe sometime future shipment Motor Iberica S.A.> Spanish unit. The volume Europe later. REUTER 

The Finance Ministry plan examine insurance company realise capital gain transaction undertaken June yen bond market fall sharply senior Ministry official said. The move aim cool fierce competition field pave Ministry check insurer inflate investment return account attract investor said. Some insurer transfer unrealised gain account variable account violate internal regulation industry source said. The eight major local life-insurers offer variable policy realise average return 21.01 pct policy end September. The Ministry scrutinise policy 17 local foreign insurer offer variable schemes. Japan 23 major local insurer none list stock market. REUTER 

Growth Japan's M-2 plus certificate deposit (CD) money supply October December period expect accelerate remain level 11 12 pct senior Bank Japan official said. The central bank keep watch growth liquidity factor cause rise price good said. The September growth 11.1 pct announce earlier take imply money supply start expand rapidly said. In August rate increase 11.0 pct. REUTER 

West German car van production rise September 407600 386000 September 1986 export climbed 226300 218200 German Automobile Industry Association VDA said. The association add incoming domestic order September above foreign order roughly equal September year. Car van production rise nine month 3.25 mln 3.19 mln. But export fell 1.80 mln 1.85 mln Output truck fell September 13200 14700 heavy truck production unchanged 10100. Over nine month period truck production fell 109300 129200 heavy truck production dipped 83800 84700. Exports truck fell September 7800 9000 66600 84300 nine months. Exports heavy truck rise 5500 September 4600 September 47800 45300 nine months. REUTER 

Finance Minister Roger Douglas fall share price local market demonstrate New Zealand isolated global trends. "We can't expect isolate ourselves development world" Douglas told reporters. "I above today's problem illustrate sort policy put absolutely essential New Zealand's economic performance improves relative rest world." The New Zealand share market fell 14.7 pct Tuesday record one-day fall. Douglas told news conference government announce plan sell 89 pct stake New Zealand Steel Ltd> sharemarket fall affect plan sell part state-owned corporation Air New Zealand> DFC New Zealand Ltd> Petroleum Corp New Zealand Ltd>. Asked government consider act close sharemarket period Douglas said: "No. I'm sure job so." REUTER 

Some economist fear recession stock exchange continue plunge. Others sanguine. The pessimist stock shakeout destroy personal asset dampen consumption. "The real economic effect significant -- destruction wealth deflationary impact economy" economist U.S. Securities house. But economist fear overblown. "Because low appreciation corporate personal asset negative impact observe (in U.S.)" Keikichi Honda manager economic research Bank Tokyo Ltd. "But appreciation stock price play major role entire U.S. Gross product (GNP)" Honda said. The pessimist note record fall Wall Street Monday spark fear U.S. Economy head recession serious slowdown earlier expected. But optimist dampen effect consumption due stock market loss likely Japan. "In Japan weight stock individuals' total asset U.S. And total weight individuals' holding stock market damage U.S." economist Japan's major brokerage houses. "Japan take strong measure stimulate domestic demand impact reduction asset value major impact" Bank Tokyo's Honda. Optimists point incipient decline U.S. Interest rate positive sign U.S. Economy. "U.S. Interest rate come feel rate hit ceiling U.S. Economy strong direct impact collapse share prices" Toshiaki Kakimoto Sumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist. Some economist suggest market continue slump major industrial nation discus joint lower official discount rates. "Until week discussion low rate unthinkable it's not" Japanese brokerage economist. "There move purely rational emotional -- it's central bankers' nightmare" foreign economist. "It require strong global leadership politician snuff out" said. However "previously stock correction due fear high rate resurgence inflation depreciation dollar" Nobuyuki Ueda senior economist Long-Term Credit Bank Ltd. "Now uneasy feel outlook U.S. Economy" Ueda said. "If stock market lead indicator future movement economy decline significant implication U.S. Economy" said. "If low level hold keep consumption unrealised gain curb consumption" Salomon Brothers (Asia) Ltd economist Ron Napier. "If paper gain aren't won't spend." A U.S. Recession trigger similar decline economy economist said. "I don't recession U.S. Would trigger recession nation Japan show economic performance" LTCB's Ueda said. "But can't rule possibility U.S. Is play dominant role economy." REUTER 

Government monetary authority stag concert effort calm spread panic Japanese stock exchange market analyst limit ability succeed. "The ability Big Four (Japanese security houses) Finance Ministry limited" Barclays de Zoete Wedd economist Peter Morgan. Finance Ministry official security company afternoon calm panic sell Tokyo Stock Exchange ministry official said. Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone quote Kyodo News Service say watch stock market situation. But reject comparison 1929 stock market collapse subsequent recession. Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa Tokyo stock market gravely affected downturn New York London clear sign Japanese economic recovery exchange rate stability. Bank Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita try calm panic say statement stock market excessively concerned economic future. Traditionally house -- Nomura Securities Co Ltd Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd Daiwa Securities Co Ltd Nikko Securities Co Ltd -- influence market sheer size overwhelm market share. This strength past brokerage calm market guidance Finance Ministry analyst said. But analyst question whether brokerage already suffer heavy loss fall bond market past strength turn around. "The question Japanese brokerage strong force investor buy" Johsen Takahashi research director Mitsubishi Research Institute. "If consider suffer serious loss bond market U.S. Investments debatable whether support buying" said. "We support extent can't completely suppress selling" Japanese broker. Some analyst percentage share cross-held financial institution corporation stabilise effect market. Some 80 pct share held corporate shareholder Keikichi Honda manager Bank Tokyo Ltd's economic research division. "This tightly woven textile. In strong Wall Street." But analyst express doubt argument. "If percent share cross held everything happens edge relative move larger" Kleinwort Benson Ltd financial analyst Simon Smithson. "Selling drive price enormous distance liquidity." "You don't volume decline market -- huge imbalance seller buyers" Barclay's Morgan. Shares held term "stable shareholders" bank company firm onto market outlook get bad analsyst said. "Closely held share unclosely held" Morgan. But prospect unlikely company improve earnings prospect sell share cash flow reasons. REUTER 

Oil price skyrocket conflict Gulf close Strait Hormuz oil supply adjust care demand Indonesian Energy Minister Subroto said. He explicit reference late U.S. Military action Gulf. But address conference Indonesian Petroleum Association "If bad come bad flow oil Straits Hormuz completely shut I believe oil supply adjust care situation." "But price short duration skyrocket speculator advantage situation" declared. Tensions Gulf usually relatively short-term impact price added. Assessing future price trend "Short-term spot price probably fluctuate likely hover official Opec price basket 18 dlrs barrel. "The upward deviation likely great downward ones." "The balance supply demand short term delicate" added. "Non-Opec production compete Opec expect additional increase demand." Subroto member Opec's three-man quota committee tour cartel speculation play havoc spot price Opec try stabilize situation urge cooperation non-Opec producers. In medium term non-Opec production reach plateau 1990s leave Opec strong said. REUTER 

Bangladesh Petroleum Corp float international tender import mln barrel Jet Kero Superior Kero High Speed Diesel shipment January-June 1988. It offer petroleum product 0600 gmt November 19. REUTER 

An Iranian shuttle tanker report spot float mine central Gulf Tuesday 50 mile west Lavan Island regional shipping source said. The Khark III own National Iranian Tanker Co give position mine 27 degree 14 minute north 52.06 east. There indication measure take mine Iranian territorial waters. REUTER 

Willis Faber Plc WIFL.L> chairman chief executive David Palmer company consider bid 20.8 pct shareholding Morgan Grenfell Group Plc MGFL.L> yet receive offers. "We entertain approaches" told Reuters reply question follow U.K. Press speculation. In earlier statement Faber offer receive stake merchant banking "it consider merits." REUTER 

Corby Distilleries Ltd> 52 pct own Allied Lyons Plc ALLD.L> subsidiary Hiram Walker-Goodman  Worts> buy spirit McGuinness Distillers Ltd> Toronto 45 mln Canadian dlrs. McGuinness producer marketer spirit exclusive agency import wine spirits. The sale subject approval Bureau Competition Policy. Michael Jackaman president chief executive officer Hiram Walker Allied Vintners "The acquisition excellent commercially financially." REUTER 

Rises West German international rate cause concern Bundesbank high capital market rate Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl said. "We consider rate increase occur internationally cause concern" Poehl told investment conference. "I stress Bundesbank high capital market rates" said. Shortly Poehl spoke Bundesbank announce tender security repurchase pact fix rate 3.80 pct. Previous tender month rate see allocation rate facility rise 3.85 pct week's pact 3.60 fixed-rate tender late September. The Bundesbank's reduction key allocation rate 3.80 3.85 pct herald Monday repeat injection money market liquidity 3.70 3.80 pct. These move cap rate follow meeting Poehl Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker Monday Frankfurt. Officials afterwards reaffirm commitment Louvre accord currency stability. Over weekend criticism Baker tighten West German monetary policy prompt sharp fall dollar speculation Louvre cooperation ended. But dollar rally news Monday's meeting nervous trading trade above 1.79 mark Tuesday. Poehl recent rise rate due central bank policy markets' expectation currency developments. Commenting inflationary expectation Poehl "You root pursue policy reveals ground fears." The inflationary fear unjustified exaggerated said. Poehl rebuffed recent U.S. Criticism West Germany say Bundesbank substantial contribution international cooperation monetary policy. The Bundesbank tolerate overshoot money supply target arouse criticism quarter said. "Today low rate 1986... Quite contrary country rate risen substantially more" Poehl said. This take account consider recent rise repurchase pact allocation rate due rise international money market rate spill German market said. Poehl express surprise financial market ignore improvement U.S. Deficits. "The adjustment process U.S. Trade balance definitely underway" note noticeable absolute figures. The spectacular improvement budget deficit attract little attention said. REUTER 

U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson Government ahead month's flotation British Petroleum Co Plc BP.L> share despite collapse international stock markets. "We ahead issue underwritten - underwritten risk sort happening" Lawson BBC radio interview. Lawson's remark renew sell London stock market BP share far 33p 283 below 330p price seven billion stg issue. Lawson U.K. Economy fundamentally sound add stock market reflect recently. "I profoundly believe market secure economic prosperity (but) mean market infallible." "My advice investors...Is remain calm. There absolutely reason so" Lawson said. REUTER 

U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson severity current rout stock market absurd over-reaction spark Wall Street spread lack confidence U.S. Economy. Lawson BBC radio interview "This Wall Street. It lot American stock market (and) lack confidence U.S. - careless talk know better." In far wave sell morning London FTSE 100 index lose far 233.2 point 50 minute official 0800 GMT opening stand 1819.1. Lawson correction stock market expect bull market recent years. "What expect severity downturn quite frankly absurd." He fundamental sign U.S. Economy recession add "Indeed possibility high (U.S.) rate certainly judgment lead American economy recession." "The American economy recession actually talk recession" said. REUTER 

The Japanese economy firmly recovery path support robust domestic demand Bank Japan regular monthly report. The report industrial production strengthen manufacturing company complete adjustment plant equipment investment non-manufacturing firm continued positive capital spending. Strong domestic demand consumer spending housing investment offset decline export central bank report said. It note continued rise domestic wholesale price money supply. REUTER 

The Philippine coconut industry greet relief defeat U.S. Senate bill require edible oil label saturate fats. The bill defeat Senate Agriculture Committee Monday cost 60 mln dlrs lose export Philippine Coconut Authority (PCA) said. "Naturally welcome defeat chance bill resurrect attach rider Senate bill" spokesman United Coconut Association Philippines (UCAP). PCA chairman Jose Romero note vote close eight senator voting 10 abstaining. The UCAP spokesman American Soybean Association (ASA) spent 25 mln dlrs lobbying bill. He ASA obscure health issue debate. "Coconut oil saturate fat unlike saturate animal fat enter blood lymph system leave fatty deposit connect heart disease" said. U.S. Soybean cottonseed producer argue saturate fat cause heart disease label discourage consumption health conscious consumer favour domestic unsaturated alternatives. Opponents bill proposal discriminate import damage Philippines Malaysia Indonesia. The Philippines earn 488 mln dlrs coconut product 1986 477 mln 1985 UCAP figure show. Exports United States edible non-edible account half total PCA's Romero said. REUTER 

Thai stock price plunge Tuesday nervous investor unloaded share report steep decline major stock markets. Brokers Securities Exchange Thailand Index fell record 36.64 point nearly eight pct close 422.37. "It's impossible halt slide situation. The market doesn't behave logically" Sirivat Voravetvuthikun executive vice president Asian Securities Trading Co Ltd. But Sirivat believe fall mark SET's 16 month bull run accelerate months. He expect Thai stock fluctuate widely weeks. The slide Tuesday follow 13.85 decline 97-stock index Monday close 459.01. Brokers flood sell order market open morning SET announcement urge investor panic ignored. The index reach record 472.86 Friday 57.7 pct end-June 128.2 pct high December. SET official 77 issue trade Tuesday declined. Of loser 68 plummet daily maximum 10 pct allow exchange. Prices special foreign column fell sharply. SET vice president Suthichai Chitvanich told reporter 10 pct floor serf restraint make unnecessary suspend trading panic continue. The Thai exchange lately gain strength buying come local investors. Investors unduly influence foreign market report added. Suthichai sound local fundamental include low rate promising economic growth favour investment stock market. The SET announce release third quarter corporate earnings earlier expect effort shore confidence. REUTER 

Plunging Tokyo stock price prevent Bank Japan raise discount rate force ease monetary policy collapse continue government private economist said. A rise rate serve spark far sell share ultimately major deflationary impact real economy said. Although Bank Japan official consistently maintain plan raise 2.5 pct discount rate market otherwise. Fears rise discount rate fan central bank's apparent decision week countenance high rate commercial bill dealer said. But today's stock market collapse -- price fell nearly 15 pct -- mean Bank Japan hard press raise discount rate despite concern renew outbreak inflation dealer economist said. Japanese government bond price rise sharply market conclude stock market's collapse preclude central bank carry widely-rumoured discount rate increase. A senior government economist suggest U.S. And Japan need ease monetary policy prevent far drop New York Tokyo stock prices. "They support stock security markets" said. But Bank Japan official change policy moment admit central bank rethink strategy Tokyo stock price continue plunge rest week. Both government Bank Japan economist agree economy place cope deflationary impact plunge stock price month ago. With economy recover strongly steep drop stock price likely major dent consumer confidence government economist said. "There impact real economy won't big" another. Individuals heavily invest stock participate trust fund investment vehicles. And manufacturing firm financial market investment profit year's economic downturn recent rebound allow refocus attention core business said. Paradoxically pick-up economy partly blame stock market collapse company shift fund financial investment increase inventory step capital spending government economist said. In decide response steep stock price drop Bank Japan determine whether price continue fall far decide pose great economic danger threat high inflation central bank official said. "That couple day weeks" said. REUTER 

President Corazon Aquino economic growth priority debt repayment sought dispel fear Philippines honour July agreement reschedule 13.2 billion dlrs debt. In speech 13 major group Aquino "Our policy clear fm start -- growth priority plain simple reason money pay can't. And starve nation essential service honour debt." Aquino official try 483 creditor bank sign debt reschedule pact November 15 effective date. "That speculation remove excuse hoard dollars" Aquino said. Violent fluctuation peso's exchange rate 17-month bull run local stock market trigger dollar-hoarding. Aquino country's foreign debt rise nearly 29 billion dlrs April grow fresh borrowing. Debt service 40 pct budget 45 pct export earnings Aquino said. Over six Philippines pay creditor 20 billion dlrs get billion dlrs loans. Aquino acknowledge grave doubt government's ambitious privatisation program. "There excuse government sell" added: "I government business." She non-performing asset sell bidding Filipinos foreigner compete equal terms. REUTER 

Brokerage firm E.F. Hutton Group Inc EFH> face liquidity problem result fall Wall Street nor firm brink insolvency London joint manage director Harry Romney said. He reply Reuter question market rumour Hutton financial difficulties. Romney note New York-based firm employ 16000 17000 worldwide. Questioned whether Hutton consider cutback line U.S. Securities house Hutton's operation contuous review announcement imminent. REUTER 

The Manila-based International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) West German agricultural scientist Klaus Lampe director-general 1988 succeed M.S. Swaminathan. An IRRI statement Lampe 56 currently senior adviser German Agency Technical Cooperation Eschborn former agriculture section Federal Ministry Economic Cooperation. It Swaminathan head IRRI 1982 concentrate environmental agricultural issues. REUTER 

The opening Milan bourse Italy's nine stock exchange delayed hour 1000 GMT stock market regulatory agency Consob. A Consob spokesman told Reuters action take "to operator reflect agreement Treasury Secretary James Baker West German official Louvre accord." He elaborate. The Milan Stock Index (MIB) base January 2 equal 1000 close 6.26 pct yesterday. REUTER 

A spokeswoman London Stock Exchange question trading suspend unprecedented three-day drop price see 23 pct wipe share values. Trading Hong Kong market call Monday steep slide Wall Street amid panic sell world's stock exchanges. The Tokyo market 14.9 pct huge 508 (22.5 pct) fall Wall Street yesterday. The Stock Exchange Stock Exchange Automated Quotation (SEAQ) work perfectly "fast market" condition pevail periodically. A "fast market" indicator displayed bottom SEAQ screen huge volume activity delay price enter make screen price lag behind prevail market. Such condition review 30 minute 1000 GMT withdrawn screen price become firm. The Exchange mandatory quote period 1600 GMT depend trading activity market index calculate 1630 GMT instead usual 1600 GMT. At 0945 GMT FTSE 100 share index 259.1 point 1793.2 12.6 pct low today. REUTER 

The convertible bond issue South Korean firm overseas -- Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SAMS.SE> -- become eligible conversion demand share government ban direct share ownership foreigner Samsung official said. "There demand holder lead manager approach issue shares" official said. The five pct bond co-lead manage S.G. Warburg Goldman Sachs Co raise 20 mln dlrs issue 1985. The Korean convertible bond issue Daewoo Heavy Industries Ltd DAEW.SE> Yukong Ltd> 1986. REUTER 

The British bulk carrier Envoy ran aground Orinoco river October 16 refloat lighten October 19 Lloyds Shipping Intelligence service said. The Envoy 75453 tonne dw carry cargo 50000 tonne bauxite Brazil Cuba. REUTER 

East West Monday decide ahead ambitious nuclear fusion project bill possibly provide inexhaustible source energy International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said. Representatives U.S. The Soviet Union European Community Japan agree develop plan revolutionary thermonuclear reactor produce energy splitting atom today's nuclear plant join them. Work due begin Institute Plasma Physics Max Planck Foundation near Munich West Germany schedule completion 1990 IAEA statement said. Research fusion's scientific feasibility project approve Monday know International Thremonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) study actual plant built. The project represent unprecedented display East-West scientific cooperation decision completion whether actual reactor jointly construct individual participant countries. Dieter Sigmar lead U.S. Fusion researcher month development demonstration plant cost billion dlrs 10 years. Fusion plant produce little radioactive waste. While today's nuclear plant uranium mine country produce dangerous waste fusion plant eventually run deuterium element related hydrogen available limitless supply sea accord experts. REUTER 

Former Finance Minister Noboru Takeshita chosen Monday Japan's prime minister tough test manage Japan's economy start two-year term economist businessmen said. Takeshita told news conference Tuesday continue domestic reform external policy Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone. However lead Japanese businessmen call Takeshita outdo Nakasone show strong leadership. "Takeshita merely follow Nakasone policy cope mount economic issue vision policies" Takashi Ishihara chairman Japan Committee Economic Development statement. Economists generally agree major change Japan's economic policy leader. However expectation major industry initiative Takeshita immediate effective measure solve economic problem trade friction U.S. Administrative tax reform soar land prices. Eishiro Saito chairman Federation Economic Organisations (Keidanren) urge Takeshita succeed unify ruling Liberal Democratic Party soon tackle difficult tasks. Regarding foreign economic police Yoshitoki Chino chairman Japan Securities Dealers Association Takeshita economic measure economic issue develop problems. Behind call Takeshita prompt action doubt capability handle international issue due lack experience diplomacy economist said. Economists foreign country patient Takeshita widely know ultra-cautious politician. Takeshita repeatedly "There consensus take action." Takeshita fail unveil specific measure reduce Japan's huge trade surplus economist said. He Japan continue stimulate economy market wider foreign products. REUTER 

The massive plunge Tokyo stock price Tuesday rob Government much-needed revenue spur Japan's economy hurt banks' ability lend abroad analyst poll Reuters said. "The Japanese Government depend sale NTT (Nippon Telegraph Telephone Corp NCCT.T>) share spending budget" Shigeo Suzuki deputy manager Industrial Bank Japan. Japan hop raise 5000 billion yen sale 1.95 mln NTT share November 10. However 14.9 pct plunge Tokyo share index plan look unrealistic analyst said. "The government defer sale NTT offer few shares" Keikichi Honda manager economic research Bank Tokyo Ltd. Honda possibility underwriter handle NTT sale pay Government amount expect bear brunt loss themselves. "That underwriting means" added. A Finance Ministry official confirm government plan ahead sale NTT share November 10. Another effect Tokyo's stock tumble seriously undermine asset base Japanese banks. The bank lend money regard market value stock holding asset analyst said. "Japanese bank loan use 60 70 pct market value unrealised stock holding assets" Industrial Bank's Suzuki. There concern Japanese company invest heavily Tokyo's stock real decline sustain heavy losses. "Many company mainly export-oriented company planning sell share profit reinvest real business economy begin pick up" analyst foreign brokerage. "That prospect look dim." But analyst unlikely company financial institution bankrupt loss stock trading. "I don't company badly expose stock investments" senior analyst Nomura Research Institute. "In term financial institution luckily rebound bond market currency market profitable" added. The Nomura analyst 10 pct decline Tokyo stock translate fall 0.2 pct consumer spending. Some 20 pct Tokyo stock own individuals. Market capitalisation Tokyo Stock Exchange fell 329588 billion yen Tuesday 386041 billion Monday's close. NTT share end 260000 yen low 2.65 mln peak 3.18 mln April. REUTER 

West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg global share price crash overdone unfounded. Stoltenberg speak press conference. REUTER 

West German Finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg meeting Monday U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker underscored determination U.S. And West Germany continue close cooperation stabilise foreign exchange rates. Stoltenberg told news conference "The statement release yesterday (Monday) private meeting .... Emphasized determination continue close economic cooperation regard foreign exchange stabilization monetary policy." Stoltenberg Baker Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl constructive discussion reach positive evaluation Louvre accord meeting Monday. Stoltenberg initial contact European counterpart show share view. "We expect declaration unified position positive effect" said. He note dollar firm late U.S. Trading outcome Baker meeting published. REUTER 

Conservative Party chairman Norman Tebbit plan post date yet join Blue Arrow Plc BAWL.L> non-executive director Blue Arrow said. Blue Arrow complete purchase U.S. Employment agency Manpower Inc> Tebbit join board Michael Davies non-executive director November 1. Davies director publicly-listed company include British Airways Plc BAB.L> TI Group Plc TIGL.L>. REUTER 

A 100 mln dlr equity warrant bond Intec Inc INTT.T> Japan cancel turbulent market activity follow today's 14.9 pct plunge Tokyo stock price Nikko Securities Co (Europe) Ltd lead manager. The five issue launch October 13 term fix yesterday trade bid price 2-1/4 pct place total fee Nikko official said. Indeed dealer stock price volatility shut trading altogether Japanese equity related debt issue cast doubt issue calendar week eight deal launched. REUTER 

Goldman Sachs Co> face severe financial problem file protection U.S. Bankruptcy law Robert Conway manage director Goldman Sachs International Corp said. He respond Reuter enquiry rumour London financial market firm financial trouble. "There absolutely positively truth rumours" note current financial environment rumour bound surface. Conway Goldman Sachs excellent strong balance sheet liquidity. "You can't equity market experience problem yesterday (when Dow Jones Industrial Average drop 508 points). But face severe financial problems" added. REUTER 

A Council meeting International Natural Rubber Organization (INRO) adjourn Thursday tomorrow Malaysian holiday official organisation said. The main issue talk open yesterday INRO buffer stock manner buffer stock manager continue sell rubber current international pact commodity expires October 22 said. The deadline start pact January 1989. Buffer stock manager Aldo Hofmeister mandate continue sell rubber interim period. Other issue discuss include ratification accord official said. Only Malaysia pact's 32 produce consume member country ratify agreement begin month. The meeting due Thursday. REUTER 

West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Louvre accord vital West Germany. Stoltenberg told news conference "Given West Germany's unusually dependence trade export vital West Germany ... To continue constructive contribution trust (international) cooperation basis Louvre accord." Some monetary analyst speculate inflation-conscious Bundesbank vice president Helmut Schlesinger lead central bank course tighter monetary policy. Stoltenberg due attend routine Bundesbank meeting Thursday West Berlin. He decline forecast policy decision Bundesbank take. REUTER 

West German car registration rise pct month compare September 1986 28 pct high August's figure Federal Motor Office said. September car registration total 234518 225581 month ago 183224 August. In nine month car registration rise 2.9 pct 2.18 mln 2.12 mln January/September 1986. Total vehicle registration period rise 2.42 mln 2.35 mln January/September year. REUTER 

West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg decline comment whether unpublished target zone currency agree February's Louvre accord change result meeting Monday U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker. He target zone news conference Bonn. Stoltenberg refer statement release Monday's meeting continue cooperation aim promote currency stability current levels. This formula text Louvre accord noted. REUTER 

The outlook Mexico's economy stockmarket remains optimistic despite market's worst-ever fall 52671.56 point Monday president Mexican stock exchange Manuel Somoza said. He 16.51 pct drop exchange's index reflect "totally emotional" reaction Monday's fall New York stock exchange reflection crisis Mexican economy stockmarket." He speak news conference Monday. "We psycological effect market tend stabilize itself" Somoza said. Somoza base optimism relatively bright outlook Mexican economy due increase income oil non-petroleum export record foreign reserve government effort promote modernization industrial sector. "The U.S. Economy Mexican" said. He market stabilize. Reuter 

West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg rule possibility central bank intervention support currencies. Asked news conference whether central bank prepared intervene defend currency "We cannot rule instrument lead foreign currency stability." However add market force prevailed. REUTER 

U.S. Attacks Iranian oil platform Gulf -- blazing -- cause damage estimate 500 mln dlrs Tehran Radio quote Iranian Oil Minister Gholamreza Aqazadeh saying. The rig heavily shell American destroyer Monday burning 24 hour attack cause widespread pollution Gulf minister told news conference Tehran. He Reshadat rig 120 mile (200 km) east Bahrain international water final stage reconstruction attack Iraqi jet year. REUTER 

Australia's Minister Trade Negotiations optimistic progress reduce subsidy European Community United States grant farmers. Michael Duffy European Commission scheme reform EC Common Agricultural Policy U.S. Plans eliminate farm subsidy 10 step direction. "I be hopefully optimistic... There goodwill agricultural reform show USA EC Cairns Group" told reporters. Duffy Cairns Group 14 agricultural commodity producer verge agree common position forthcoming General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) talk farm subsidies. The include Australia Malaysia advocate free farm trade say U.S. European Japanese subsidy stop compete traditional markets. Duffy two-day visit Malaysia talk North South America EC Thailand leaf Indonesia Wednesday. REUTER 

Iranian Premier Mir-Hossein Mousavi reiterate country retaliate U.S. Navy attack Gulf oil platforms. "The U.S. Attack Iran's oil platform jeopardises sovereignty ... And retaliate properly perfidious American aggression" Mousavi told news conference Damascus. On Monday U.S. Navy warship blast Rostam platform Navy personnel storm platform mile away. Washington operation aim destroy position Iran track assault neutral Gulf shipping. REUTER 

The Indonesian state-owned oil company Pertamina found offshore oil gas resource East Aceh western tip northern Sumatra company spokesman said. The spokesman discovery GOS IA-1 offshore exploratory 38 km east Langsa Aceh. "Oil gas found sand layer depth 2300 metre Baong formation" said. He preliminary test show flow oil rate 1320 barrel 50 degree API 20 degree centigrade 5/8 inch choke. "The flow natural gas rate 12 mln standard cubic foot day" added. GOS IA-1 locate depth 41 metre drill production share contract Pertamina Japex North Sumatra Ltd have 50 pct shares. "Petroleum operation carry Pertamina operator joint operating body establish companies" Pertamina spokesman stated. The contract cover Gebang block contract area. The company previously complete drilling GOS IIA-1 exploratory 14 km south GOS IA-1. REUTER 

European Community (EC) minister back commission plan reform farm trade due present GATT month EC diplomat said. The plan drawn EC executive Commission response U.S. Calls GATT (General Agreement Tariffs Trade) farm subsidy 10 years. EC foreign minister agree despite reservation member plan present meeting GATT farm negotiate Geneva October 26 diplomat said. Reuter 

Indonesia told oil industry Tuesday extend contract produce block improve investment climate want increase expenditure exploration return. President Suharto opening speech Indonesian Petroleum Association Indonesia ready extend contract held foreign oil company produce areas. "In boost investment petroleum industry government Indonesia basically approve extend production share contract laws" Suharto said. "Apart government keep improve investment climate accelerate development petroleum industry" said. Indonesian Energy Minister Subroto told Association aware oil industry need assure contract block expire 10 renew invest far exploration. "As heard morning President fully aware situation" Subroto said. "The government already political decision entertain invite exist producer continue activity Indonesia albeit selective basis." Indonesia 13 OPEC oil reserve remain exporter decade oil industry source say. Subroto government work ease problem include grant easy term remote area deep conditions. But Subroto relation oil company two-way step expenditure oil exploration oil price recovered. President Suharto want great transfer technology Indonesian company oil industry region company operated. Abdul Rachman Ramly President oil company Pertamina budget exploration production expenditure oil company Indonesia forecast fall 3.1 billion dlrs calendar 1987 3.4 billion 1986. Pertamina 69 production-sharing joint operation contract foreign oil companies. Subroto speed necessary approval field operation government priority. There misunderstanding government oil industry area field designate commercial thorough evaluation made. He government want finalise contract extension soon practical urge industry meantime maintain exploration drive. Subroto Indonesia need company maintain exploration effort contract due expire 10 years. "This sort guarantee soon extension agreement." Eleven major contract area due renewal 1991 2001 industry source said. Extension contract block involve detailed negotiation extension granted. Subroto told reporter afterwards contract extension selective base capital invested. REUTER 

Stockbrokers legislator welcome suspension trading local market Monday's record fall suspension harm territory's reputation financial centre. Announcing suspension Monday stock exchange chairman Ronald Li earlier "This protect investor allow broker settle backlog orders." But legislator David Li manage director Bank East Asia weloming move one-day halt enough. "I believe exchange over-reacting. A suspension damage Hong Kong's reputation financial centre hurt foreign investors' confidence" David Li said. Legislator Hui Yin-fat echoed view. "What market resume fall week ?" asked. Legislator Lee Yu-tai investor hard-hit decision. He pay loan purchase stock suspension increase losses. Financial Secretary Piers Jacobs decision explainable add "It seem time." However George Tan assistant director Greenwell Montagu (Far East) Ltd suspension wise. "Hong Kong volatile market settle down" said. Other broker agreed. "At give bit breathing space" one. John MacKenzie chairman Hong Kong Association Banks "I feel bad investor investment mnanagers breathing space." Hong Kong's main share indicator Hang Seng index fell 420.81 point 3362.39 Monday - big one-day fall real terms. REUTER 

Iran prepare lawsuit file compensation U.S. Over American raid Gulf oil platform Tehran radio quote Iranian Oil Minister Gholamreza Aqazadeh saying. The lawsuit file competent international body exact damage calculate quote tell news conference Tehran. He earlier estimate damage U.S. Raid 500 mln dlrs. The rig heavily shell American destroyer Monday burning 24 hour attack said. Aqazadeh half-billion-dollar damage estimate preliminary. Washington attack response missile strike American-flag tanker Sea Isle City Kuwaiti water Friday. He deny military hardware rig "except 23 mm machinegun air defence." Reacting Weinberger's remark Washington consider close Aqazadeh said: "Iran consider close retaliatory measure." Iranian official response limited Gulf U.S. Interests attack. Aqazadeh U.S. Military presence Gulf aggravate regional crisis access region's oil difficult U.S. Attack significantly affect oil prices. IRNA give explicit reply attack prompt Iran block Hormuz Strait entrance Gulf. "If Iran cannot Hormuz Strait country either everyone's harm" radio quote saying. REUTER 

The Frankfurt bourse extend official trading hour half hour 1300 GMT due heavy turnover spokeswoman Frankfurt bourse said. It immediately clear whether seven German bourse affected. Yesterday trading hour extend half hour. The Boersen-Zeitung 30-share index start 351.02 closing yesterday 355.34. It rise 352.15 midsession slip 351.24 1200 GMT. REUTER 

Iranian Premier Mir-Hossein Mousavi reiterate country retaliate U.S. Navy attack Gulf oil platforms. "The U.S. Attack Iran's oil platform jeopardises sovereignty ... And retaliate properly perfidious American aggression" Mousavi told news conference Damascus. On Monday U.S. Navy warship blast Rostam platform Navy personnel storm platform mile away. Washington operation aim destroy position Iran track assault neutral Gulf shipping. REUTER 

Shr 28 ct v 14 ct Net 3110000 v 1286000 Revs 112.7 mln v 93.8 mln Avg shrs 11.2 mln v 9148000 Nine mths Shr 58 ct v 15 ct Net 6377000 v 1332000 Revs 307.8 mln v 233.8 mln Avg shrs 10.9 mln v 9148000 NOTE: Company 81.4 pct own Primerica Corp PA>. Reuter 

Direct Action Marketing Inc call shareholder meeting vote election director January 27. Last week Ocilla Industries Inc OCIL.O> Direct Action shareholder seek elect board slate shareholder meeting. Reuter 

Shr 22 ct v 20 ct Net 2963000 v 2696000 Sales 26.5 mln v 19.4 mln Reuter 

Hilton Hotels Corp plan repurchase market privately 3900000 25.0 mln common shares. It fund repurchase work capital external financing. Hilton limit plan. Reuter 

Plum Holding Inc start previously-announced offer purchase 664400 common share Holly Sugar Corp 95 dlrs each. In newspaper advertisement firm offer proration period withdrawal right expire November 17 unless extended. The offer approve Holly board follow merger remain share exchange cumulative redeemable exchangeable prefer stock condition receipt 664400 share Plum third receipt financing. Reuter 

Phoenix American Inc terminate tender offer 600000 common share five dlrs due dramatic decline stock prices. Phoenix concerned current volatility financial market hurt financial condition prospects. Reuter 

U.S. housing start rise 4.4 pct September seasonally adjust annual rate 1669000 unit Commerce Department said. In August housing start unchanged July level 1598000 unit instead 1.5 pct previously reported. The increase September housing start large 10.8 pct gain start December 1986 Commerce Department official said. The rate permit issue future construction fell 0.6 pct September seasonally adjust 1493000 unit 1502000 unit August. Permits risen 1.0 pct August July level 1487000 units. Before seasonal adjustment permit rise 135500 September 128000 August. Housing start adjustment rise 150200 September 144600 August. The seasonally adjust rise start include 5.1 pct increase September single-family unit start 1168000 1111000 August. Single-family start fall 2.8 pct August July levels. Multi-family start rise 2.9 pct September seasonally adjust 501000 unit 7.0 pct increase August department said. Permits single-family unit fell 3.2 pct month seasonally adjust 990000 unit 3.0 pct August rise. Multi-family permit 5.0 pct September 503000 unit fall 3.0 pct August. Housing start September 1.2 pct seasonally adjust 1689000 unit September 1986. Permits 11.5 pct below September 1986 level 1687000 units. Reuter 

Shr 51 ct v 42 ct Net 20.3 mln v 16.7 mln Sales 216.9 mln v 184.5 mln Nine mths Shr 1.47 dlrs v 1.21 dlrs Net 58.2 mln v 47.6 mln Sales 611.2 mln v 547.0 mln Reuter 

Shr 87 ct v 62 ct Net 2604000 v 1856000 Sales 72.7 mln v 64.6 mln Nine mths Shr 2.71 dlrs v 1.97 dlrs Net 8121000 v 5834000 Sales 215.7 mln v 193.0 mln Reuter 

Shr profit ct v loss 56 ct Net profit 2043000 v loss 25.7 mln Revs 111.3 mln v 64.7 mln Avg shrs 48.3 mln v 45.8 mln Nine mths Shr loss 18 ct v loss 63 ct Net loss 8695000 v loss 28.4 mln REvs 308.4 mln v 228.4 mln Avg shrs 48.0 mln v 44.8 mln NOTE: 1986 net include tax credit 1646000 dlrs quarter 3401000 dlrs nine mths. 1987 nine mths result restate pool acquisition Bidtek Inc. Reuter 

Rumours heavy trading loss U.K. Brokerage firm Warburg Securities Barclays de Zoete Wedd (BZW) true spokesman firm said. Peter Wilmot-Sitwell joint chairman Warburg Securities told Reuters firm lose 4.7 mln stg Monday. This equal profit week. He estimate today's outcome. BZW spokesman Geoffrey Kelly described rumour "absolute rubbish." He add "We lose bit didn't?" Warburg Securities S.G. Warburg Group Plc>. BZW own Barclays Plc BCS.L>. Rumours trading loss London broker circulate market collapse gain fresh momentum. Stock Exchange chairman Sir Nicholas Goodison unavailable comment morning. The London market fall 24 pct Thursday. Reuter 

Reuters Holdings Plc RTRS.L> launch Reuter Commodities 2000 Reuter Energy 2000 speed quotation service Europe. They carry 18000 quotation commodity financial energy future together related option 30 exchanges. They join Equities 2000 quotation service global equity launch May form generation product deliver Reuters speed Integrated Data Network (IDN). REUTER 

Nissan Motor Co Ltd raise price model 1988 300Zx 200 dlrs 20649 dlrs standard pickup truck 200 dlrs 7199 dlrs Pathfinder XE 100 dlrs 14999 dlrs. The company Nissan van price 14349 dlrs include air conditioning standard equipment. It yet price 1988 Stanza sedan wagon price increase vehicle average 198 dlrs 1.6 pct. Reuter 

American Medical International intend repurchase market 150 mln dlrs common stock plan spend 250 mln dlrs reduce long-term debt. It spend 100 mln dlrs debt mature 1989. American Medical funding cash flow divestiture restructuring corporate assets. Reuter 

Shr 42 ct v 1.53 dlrs Net 33085000 v 123450000 Revs 535.0 mln v 496.7 mln Avg shrs 78755000 v 80666000 Nine mths Shr 1.24 dlrs v 3.35 dlrs Net 98322000 v 271512000 Revs 1.58 billion v 1.49 billion Avg shrs 78999000 v 81022000 NOTE: 1987 per-share earnings include Daily News severance charge 11 ct share quarter 13 ct share nine month 1986 net income include non-recurring gain 1.11 dlrs share quarter 2.23 dlrs share nine month five ct share Daily News severance charge Reuter 

Shr 45 ct v 64 ct Net 57.8 mln v 79.4 mln Nine mths Shr 1.53 dlrs v 1.87 dlrs Net 195.8 mln v 228.9 mln Reuter 

Goldman Sachs Co decide billion dlrs capital available mutual fund enable sell security cash senior spokesman investment banking firm said. The spokesman Goldman decision initiative Tuesday morning mutual fund report cash squeeze flood redemption stock market investors. The New York Stock Exchange Securities Exchange Commission inform move said. The spokesman described action effort helpful. "We're try encourage liquidate it's need money's there" said. The provision billion dlrs pose undue burden Goldman Sachs's capital spokesman said. Reuter 

Pioneer Communications Network Inc temporarily suspend printing title Soaps Serials line paperback book print title demonstrate profitable sale history. It longer sell entire Soaps Serials line unit order individual titles. The company currently licensor-approved manuscript provide publication six month retail operations. Reuter 

Shr profit 11 ct v loss 28 ct Net profit 515000 v loss 1328000 Sales 31.0 mln v 32.1 mln Avg shrs 4600199 v 4815062 1st half Shr loss 23 ct v profit 10 ct Net loss 1033000 v profit 482000 Sales 58.5 mln v 62.1 mln Avg shrs 4565752 v 4883711 NOTE: 1986 half net include pretax gain 4150000 dlrs sale option buy facility. Backlog 28.1 mln dlrs v 22.5 mln dlrs previous quarter 21.0 mln dlrs prior year's quarter. Reuter 

GAF Corp board authorize repurchase seven mln common share 21 pct cash market purchase private transactions. The company repurchase 2100000 share April authorization buy mln share authorization far repurchase withdrawn. Yesterday GAF lead chairman Samuel J. Heyman decide reconsider offer acquire GAF. GAF revise offer possible. Reuter 

Shr 1.72 dlrs v 87 ct Net 330000000 v 167000000 Sales 3.36 billion v 2.74 billion Avg shrs 192200000 v 191700000 Nine mths Shr 4.62 dlrs v 2.95 dlrs Net 888000000 v 564000000 Sales 9.78 billion v 8.31 billion Avg shrs 191100000 v 191500000 NOTE: Earnings include loss 3.0 mln dlrs ct share 1986 quarter extinguishment debt Earnings include loss nine month 3.0 mln dlrs ct share v 8.0 mln dlrs ct share extinguishment debt Reuter 

June 30 Shr 33 ct v 13 ct Net 1687623 v 636500 Revs 18.7 mln v 8973143 Year Shr 96 ct v 66 ct Net 4821637 v 3309017 Revs 58.8 mln v 27.2 mln Reuter 

The U.S. Federal Reserve ready provide liquidity support economy financial Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan statement. The brief statement Greenspan issue Fed "the Federal Reserve consistent responsibility nation's central bank affirm readiness serve source liquidity support economic financial system." Reuter 

Computer Memories Inc board decide additional evaluate impact litigation propose acquisition Hemdale Film Corp>. Computer Memories plan adjourn annual shareholder meeting schedule October 23 convened. One purpose meeting consider transaction company explained. Computer Memories Hemdale agrees course action. Reuter 

The European Investment Bank (EIB) issue 100 billion dlr eurobond due November 9 1993 pay 12 pct price par Cassa Di Risparmio Delle Provincie Lombarde (CARIPLO) London branch lead manager. The issue available denomination mln five mln lira list Luxembourg. Payment date November 9. The eurobond callable 101-1/2 pct five 101 pct. The fee include 1-1/4 pct sell concession 5/8 pct management underwriting combined. REUTER 

The White House wait-and-see attitude stock market crisis bar "precipitous action" deal it. Referring news report White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater "It seem economist uncertain specific cause we'll wait there's rebound today." "We certainly don't precipitous action" spokesman added. "No meeting schedule time. We'll monitor situation market respond today" said. Reuter 

Shr 51 ct Net 51 mln dlrs v 65 mln dlrs Revs 1.3 billion v 1.1 billion Nine mths Shr 2.07 dlrs Net 189 mln v 215 mln Revs 3.9 billion v 3.3 billion NOTE: Full name Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc Company May 7 1987 Reuter 

Dow Chemical Co expect remains strong fourth quarter seasonal increase agricultural product improvement anticipate industrial specialty continue strength basic chemical plastics. It result record company note "earnings already exceed previous all-time 4.42 dlrs achieve full 1980." For third quarter Dow report earnings 330 mln dlrs 1.72 dlrs share compare 167 mln dlrs 87 ct share earlier. Reuter 

West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg absolutely sign current danger price stability West Germany. He speak news conference shortly Bundesbank president Karl Otto Poehl told conference Frankfurt inflationary fear responsible recent rate increase unjustified exaggerated. Reuter 

Chemical Bank Marine Midland Banks Inc cut prime lending rate 9-1/4 pct 9-3/4 pct reverse increase announce week. The reduction effective immediately. No major U.S. bank follow lead Chemical Marine Midland prefer keep prime rate 9-1/4 pct wait course money market rate take. Following Monday's record fall Wall Street stock price money market rate fell sharply Tuesday investor plough proceeds short-term instrument Federal Reserve prepared provide liquidity support economy financial system. Eurodollar deposit rate London fell 9/16 percentage Treasury bill rate fell half (after fall 59 84 basis point Monday) Fed fund rate drop 7-1/4 pct Monday's average 7.61 pct. Speculation surface discount rate cut calm market dealer said. Reuter 

Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc recent decline equity dislocate effect market impact company's financial condition. The company report drop third quarter profit 51 mln dlrs 65 mln dlrs increase revenue 1.3 billion dlrs compare 1.1 billion earlier. "While decline equity recent week dislocate effect market general" Chairman Peter A. Cohen "it impact financial condition." Cohen Shearson's third quarter earnings reflect diversity revenue "progress core business result high commission investment banking investment advisory revenues. These improvement offset decline revenue market make principle transaction increase expense ago levels" said. Reuter 

Shr 1.08 dlrs v 88 ct Net 409000000 v 328000000 Revs 12.19 billion v 11.17 billion Avg shrs 378.2 mln v 368.4 mln Nine mths Shr 2.86 dlrs v 2.17 dlrs Net 1.09 billion v 808.3 mln Revs 34.39 billion v 31.31 billion Avg shrs 377.7 mln v 366.2 mln Reuter 

Shr 32 ct v 25 ct Net 15.9 mln v 12.1 mln Revs 236.2 mln v 221.9 mln Nine mths Shr 88 ct v 68 ct Net 43.5 mln v 32.8 mln Revs 693.9 mln v 629.2 mln Reuter 

Shr 65 ct v 63 ct Net 52.7 mln v 47.7 mln Revs 1.16 billion v 976.6 mln Avg shrs 79.9 mln v 74.3 mln Nine mths Shr 1.73 dlrs v 1.54 dlrs Net 141.4 mln v 117.9 mln Revs 3.39 billion v 2.75 billion NOTE: Share prefer dividends. Reuter 

Shr nil v loss 14 ct Net 1697000 v loss 41.9 mln Revs 1.2 billion v 1.1 billion Avg shrs 276.4 mln v 285.6 mln Nine mths Shr profit 13 ct v profit 56 ct Net profit 36.8 mln v 161.5 mln Revs 3.4 billoin v 3.8 billion Avg shrs 278.2 mln v 288.9 mln NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr include 152.6 mln dlrs continue operation include 69 mln dlrs after-tax gain sale company's investment Compagnie Luxembourgeoise de Telediffusion. 1987 3rd qtr nine mths net include loss 220 mln dlrs 79 ct share discontinue operation 70 mln dlrs 25 ct share extraordinary gain. 1986 3rd qtr nine mths net include loss 59 mln dlrs 20 ct share continue operation mainly employee layoff cost oilfied service sale electronic unfavorable lease comitments. 1987 nine mths net include loss 220 mln dlrs discontinue operation due completion previously announce sale Fairchild Semiconductor business. 1987 extraordinary item 70.1 mln dlrs relates award Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal Iran's seizure SEDCO Inc drilling 1979 prior acquisition Schlumberger. 1986 3rd qtr nine mths net include discontinue operation loss 36 mln dlrs Fairchild Semiconductor offset 53 mln dlrs gain favorable settlement litigation Data General. Reuter 

Shr profit 2.77 dlrs v profit 1.35 dlrs Net 155.0 mln v 77.4 mln Nine mths Shr loss 1.43 dlrs v profit 3.66 dlrs Net loss 60.4 mln v profit 195.2 mln Assets 45.15 billion v 42.69 billion Loans 36.33 billion v 34.46 billion Deposits 29.7 billion v 23.3 billion Reuter 

Shr 31 ct v 18 ct Net 90 mln v 51 mln Sales 1.58 billion v 1.42 billion Avg shrs 274 mln v 269 mln Nine Mths Shr 79 ct v 42 ct Net 233 mln v 129 mln Sales 4.58 billion v 4.22 billion Avg shrs 238 mln v 267 mln NOTE: 1987 result include Caremark Inc August 3. Caremark acquisition reduce 1987 nine month net five ct offset ct gain sale securities. 1986 third quarter net excludes gain discontinue operation 12 mln dlrs cts; gain sale discontinue operation 285 mln dlrs 1.06 dlrs; charge repayment debt 58 mln dlrs 22 cts. 1986 nine month net excludes gain discontinue operation 38 mln dlrs 14 cts; gain sale discontinue operation 285 mln dlrs 1.06 dlrs; charge repayment debt 58 mln dlrs 22 cts. Reuter 

Oper shr profit 20 ct v loss 22 ct Oper net profit 2111000 v loss 1605000 Revs 89.6 mln v 27.2 mln Nine mths Oper shr profit 47 ct v loss 15 ct Oper net profit 4116000 v loss 1029000 Revs 252.1 mln v 87.9 mln NOTE: 1986 net excludes loss discontinue operation 791000 dlrs quarter 1168000 dlrs nine mths. 1986 nine mths net excludes gain 4726000 dlrs cumulative effect pension accounting change. 1987 net excludes tax credit 1569000 dlrs quarter 2894000 dlrs nine mths. Reuter 

Shr 91 ct v 17 ct Net 124100000 v 21200000 Sales 2.83 billion v 2.22 billion Nine mths Shr 2.47 dlrs v 2.02 dlrs Net 337400000 v 294200000 Sales 7.98 billion v 6.33 billion Avg shrs 136700000 v 142500000 NOTE: 1986 earnings include loss discontinuedoperations 50.3 mln dlrs 35 ct share quarter gain 21.2 mln dlrs 15 ct share nine month Reuter 

Shr 60 ct v 48 ct Net 35.0 mln v 27.8 mln Revs 147.2 mln v 131.6 mln Nine mths Shr 1.67 dlrs v 1.38 dlrs Net 97.3 mln v 77.9 mln Revs 422.4 mln v 385.5 mln Avg shrs 58.4 mln v 56.5 mln Reuter 

Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan cut short schedule trip Dallas return Washington moniter event Federal Reserve spokesman said. Greenspan schedule speak American Bankers Association meeting Dallas cancel engagement spokesman said. He cancel speech schedule even New York University spokesman said. The spokesman decline comment whether Fed chairman meeting President White House official Monday's stock market collapse. The spokesman Fed chief return Washington "to monitor event here." Greenspan earlier issue statement provide liquidity support economy financial system. The Fed spokesman chairman want reassure market U.S. central bank stand role traditional liquidity provider. Reuter 

A voluntary compliance monitoring U.S. coffee import quota view skeptically coffee industry analyst trade sources. "Many sector trade include roaster importer adamant voluntary compliance past subject tremendous irregularity become matter trade monitoring other" analyst said. On Monday National Coffee Association newsletter Office U.S. Trade Representative implement voluntary compliance temporarily legislation monitor import tie Congressional trade bill. Under arrangement milar 1980 coffee importer voluntarily need document U.S. government Congress approves monitoring authority coffee arrives valid certification allow entry. While believe producer seek add overburden stock situation U.S. believe ship outside quota requirement lieu monitoring control trade source said. "Last lot false information submit custom result lot indictment fines" U.S. Customs spokesman said. "Customs job tool hand tie doesn't authority demand Form O (documents track merchandise source destination)" said. Many true test whether producer importer abide quota system. "It key see whether teeth quota agreement" major U.S. roaster. "Last gentleman's agreement trade act gentleman" analyst add "without submit document ball producers' hands." Some feel importer advantage voluntary compliance due development two-tier market non-member country buy coffee discount. Many fear dealer buy coffee destine non-member country discount bring U.S. falsely labelled. According custom official green coffee importer confess 1985 import coffee fraudulently buying non-member destination forge land certificate relabelling navy beans. "If there's discrepancy price country producer teted rid stock coffee sell non-member nation circumvent quota provisions" Paine Webber analyst Bernie Savaiko. Still believe producer hard press aggravate overburden coffee stock situation U.S. near term. "It naive suggest agreement share connivance I voluntary suffice couple coffee I don't pose threat" trader said. Reuter 

Shr 1.18 dlrs v 87 ct Net 149.6 mln v 134 mln Revs 1.1 billion v 956 mln Avg shrs 127.3 mln v 154.5 mln Nine mths Shr 3.36 dlrs v 2.42 dlrs Net 428.1 mln v 373.7 mln Revs 3.1 billion v 2.7 billion NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr nine mths net include charge 11 mln dlrs nine ct share 31.8 mln dlrs 25 ct share expense share repurchases. 1986 nine mths net include charge 28.9 mln dlrs 19 ct share retirement withdrawal Contac cold remedy market due tampering. Reuter 

Masco Industries Inc board authorize repurchase 10 mln company's common stock market purchase privately negotiate transaction otherwise. As June 30 company 73.6 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

Shr 77 ct v 50 ct Net 56.5 mln v 36.4 mln Sales 583.3 mln v 515.9 mln Nine month Shr 2.02 dlrs v 1.19 dlrs Net 148.5 mln v 87.1 mln Sales 1.69 billion v 1.51 billion Reuter 

Kerr Glass Manufacturing Corp expect spend five mln dlrs purchase stock held employee incentive stock owership trust form benefit salaried employees. Based yesterday's closing price 10.50 dlrs share stock bought market negotiate transaction 476000 share wold purchase company said. That's 13 pct share outstanding added. Reuter 

Shr 75 ct v 64 ct Net 11174000 v 7408000 Sales 218.8 mln v 106.3 mln NIne Mths Shr 1.80 dlrs v 1.54 dlrs Net 23762000 v 16603000 Sales 414.8 mln v 295.9 mln NOTE: 1987 net income excludes prefer dividend 2.4 mln dlrs quarter 2.7 mln dlrs nine month compare 188000 dlrs 563000 dlrs 1986. Reuter 

Shr 69 ct v 62 ct Net 4401000 v 3808000 Nine mths Shr 1.99 dlrs v 1.77 dlrs Net 12.6 mln v 10.8 mln Reuter 

Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor trader commission representative guesstimate today's hog slaughter 310000 325000 versus 327000 week ago 291000 ago. Cattle slaughter guesstimate 128000 132000 versus 132000 week ago 136000 ago. Reuter 

International Business Machines Corp introduce System/36 5363 System Unit entry-level addition System 36 computers. The company 5636 System Unit available component System/36 Total System Package include System/36 processor pre-loaded operating software display printer optional office application software. The company 5636 come megabyte main storage option provide 210 megabyte integrate disk storage. The company Work Station Expansion feature 5636 attach 28 local display printers. The company 5636 single built-in 5.25 inch 1.2 megabyte diskette drive offer optional built-in tape drive. IBM contrast System/36 5364 communication tape LAN function previously provide attach personal computer house 5363 unit. The price unit disclosed. The company introduce version license application programs. These program include Manufacturing Production Inventory Control System II Construction Management Accounting System Distribution Management Accounting System II company said. IBM reduce average 40 pct one-time charge application program 5363 5364. Reuter 

The White House federal budget deficit fiscal 1988 total 163 billion dlrs Congress administration fail agree legislative package deficit reduction measure prior Nov. 20 deadline. In report issue requirement balance budget legislation approve Congress September White House budget office predict government 903 billion dlrs revenue spend 1.066 trillion fiscal 1988 Oct. 1. Under term law government's failure agree deficit reduction package Nov. 20 trigger across-the-board spending cut 23 billion dlrs. The White House report reduce defense spending program cover legislation 10.5 pct cut domestic program 8.5 pct. This magnitude reduction shear 11.5 billion dlrs defense 11.5 billion dlrs domestic programs. The Congressional budget Office week estimate 1988 budget deficit 179.3 billion dlrs. Reuter 

The Stockholm bourse authority extend trading exchange 30 minute 1500 (1400 GMT) afternoon call longer normal due hectic sell pressure. A spokeswoman told Reuters measure purely administrative aim allow bourse process deal exceptionally heavy turnover 590 mln crowns. "It necessary extend trading hour call-over beyond o'clock" said. REUTER 

Shr 37 ct v 42 ct Net 26.6 mln v 30.0 mln Sales 805.4 mln v 690.6 mln Avg shrs 70.6 mln v 71.0 mln Nine mths Shr 1.23 dlrs v 1.23 dlrs Net 86.8 mln v 88.5 mln Sales 2.30 billion v 2.01 billion Avg shrs 70.3 mln v 72.2 mln Reuter 

Shr 99 ct v 42 ct Net 17.6 mln v 7528000 Sales 424.2 mln v 376.8 mln Nine mths Shr 2.21 dlrs v 94 ct Net 39.3 mln v 16.8 mln Sales 1.20 billion v 1.10 billion NOTE: Share adjust two-for-one stock split April 1987. Reuter 

Oilmeal demand remain strong United States July August six pct level see month rise come soymeal Hamburg base publication Oil World said. Total U.S domestic usage nine major oilmeals rise record 19 mln tonne October 1986/August 1987 4.2 pct year-ago period increase soymeal seven pct said. Soviet soymeal demand rise 310000 tonne July 330000 tonne August respective year-ago month follow huge increase soymeal imports. Oil World presume import immediately stocks. With import September estimate Soviet soymeal stock sharply 800000 tonne October 1 130000 year. EC oilmeal demand rise 100000 tonne August earlier soymeal 45000 tonnes. Crushings rapeseed sunseed soybean probably rise due bumper EC crops. It estimate EC rapeseed crop record 5.9 mln tonne 3.7 mln year. Rapeseed disposal report 2.1 mln tonne September 20 1.4 mln year. REUTER 

Pacific Telesis Group plan repurchase 10 mln 432.1 mln common share market privately repurchase finance corporate funds. Reuter 

Circle Express Inc negotiation propose acquisition Overland Express Inc privately-held Continental Training Services Inc terminate mutual agreement. The company recent decline stock price unlikely transaction qualify tax-free reorganizations. Reuter 

Corrections Corp America select negotiate contract Texas Department Corrections desing construction financing management 1000 minimum security pre-release prison beds. It negotiation final contract include sit expect 30 days. Corrections 500-bed facility schedule open final contract signing total capital investment 27 mln dlrs finance debt equity. Based proposal company facility generate annual revenue 11 mln dlrs. According Texas law Corrections private sector contract save 10 pct correction department's cost inmate. Evaluation reveal comnpany's propose cost 15 pct below department's diem company said. Reuter 

Shr 1.04 dlrs v 87 ct Net 77.7 mln v 64.2 mln Revs 533.7 mln v 461.8 mln Avg shrs 74.7 mln v 73.9 mln Nine mths Shr 3.35 dlrs v 2.63 dlrs Net 249.5 mln v 193.9 mln Revs 1.63 billion v 1.36 billion Avg shrs 74.5 mln v 73.8 mln Reuter 

Shr 77 ct v 1.07 dlrs Net 14455000 v 20083000 Sales 334.4 mln v 348.5 mln Nine Mths Shr 2.40 dlrs v 3.04 dlrs Net 4500000 v 56928000 Sales 987.4 mln v 1.04 billion Reuter 

Crazy Eddie Inc board director amend company's shareholder right plan move design preserve stockholder protection provide flexibility plan. Yesterday Crazy Eddie agree oppose slate candidate board propose Committee Restore Stockholder Value shareholder lead Oppenheimer-Palmieri Fund L.P.> Entertainment Marketing Inc EM> seek oust current management. Crazy Eddie amendment limit future amendment plan modify definition "continuing directors" permit amendment termination plan consent company's shareholder continue director office approval director cannot obtained. The company approve certificate designation respect 4.5 mln share authorize previously undesignated unissued share prefer stock adopt employee stock ownership plan. Crazy Eddie request shareholder commitment company private Crazy Eddie chance recover current financial difficulty committment rejected. Crazy Eddie hold annual shareholder meeting November 6. Reuter 

Shr 68 ct v 61 ct Shr dilute 66 ct v 60 ct Net 18.6 mln v 16.5 mln Avg shrs 27.5 mln v 26.6 mln Nine mths Shr 1.40 dlrs v 1.76 dlrs Shr dilute 1.38 dlrs v 1.71 dlrs Net 38.9 mln v 46.9 mln Avg shrs 27.4 mln v 25.8 mln NOTE: Share adjust July 1987 10 pct stock dividend. Results restate pool acquisitions. Net include loan loss provision 5765000 dlrs v 4252000 dlrs quarter 43.3 mln dlrs v 15.4 mln dlrs nin mths. Reuter 

Qtly div 30 ct v 25 ct Pay Jan 19 Record Jan Four Reuter 

Net 33.6 mln v 11.1 mln Revs 319.6 mln v 295.1 mln Nine mths Net 97.3 mln v 30.0 mln Revs 997.8 mln v 860.0 mln NOTE: Company report share earnings privately-owned concern. Net amount report tax profit share contribution employee stock ownership trust. Reuter 

Shr 37 ct v 41 ct Net 35 mln v 38 mln Revs Nine mths Shr 1.32 dlrs v 1.18 dlrs Net 123 mln v 106 mln Revs Reuter 

Shr 67 ct v 65 ct Net 18.9 mln v 18.6 mln Revs 399.0 mln v 391 mln Nine mths Shr 1.70 dlrs v 1.98 dlrs Net 48.2 mln v 56.9 mln Revs 1.18 billion v 1.2 billion Reuter 

Domtar Inc withdraw previously-announced issue five mln common share "due unfavourable condition financial markets." Domtar capital expenditure affected issue's withdrawal source financing currently available. Underwriters Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Ltd Levesque Beaubien Inc McLeod Young Weir Ltd. Reuter 

Sears Roebuck Co remains optimistic fourth quarter ahead. The company expect gain disposable personal income accelerate quarter merchandise industry sale increase 5.0 pct nondurables register large gain durables. For third quarter Sears post earnings 409.0 mln dlrs 1.09 dlrs share prior year's 328.1 mln dlrs 88 ct share. Revenues rise 9.1 pct 12.19 billion dlrs. Sears net after-tax realize capital gain income quarter total 90.6 mln dlrs compare 40.7 mln dlrs year. For nine month net after-tax realize capital gain income total 290.5 mln dlrs compare 155.2 mln dlrs ago. It Merchandise Group's quarterly income 170.4 mln dlrs compare 170.0 mln dlrs previous year. Sears Allstate Insurance Group report quarterly income 240.5 mln dlrs 19.7 pct 200.9 mln dlrs ago benefit 33.3 mln dlr "fresh start" adjustment. Sears Dean Witter Financial Services Group report loss 4.2 mln dlrs quarter compare year-ago loss 8.0 mln dlrs. It Discover Card operation report loss 29.4 mln dlrs compare loss 28.4 mln dlrs ago. The company Coldwell Banker Real Estate Group report third-quarter income 47.8 mln dlrs compare 7.8 mln dlrs year. Reuter 

Shr profit 47 ct v profit 1.78 dlrs Net profit 16 mln v profit 53 mln Avg shrs 27.7 mln v 27.4 mln Nine mths Shr loss 22.51 dlrs v profit 5.78 dlrs Net loss 610 mln v profit 168 mln Avg shrs 217.6 mln v 27.3 mln Assets 33.14 billion v 33.89 billion Deposits 22.01 billion v 19.86 billion Loans 21.76 billion v 22.70 billion NOTE: Net include loan loss provision 40 mln dlrs v 48 mln dlrs quarter 748 mln dlrs v 217 mln dlrs nine mths. Net include pretax gain sale security 11 mln dlrs v 29 mln dlrs quarter 13 mln dlrs v 130 mln dlrs nine mths. Reuter 

Shr 28 ct v 14 ct Net 3110000 v 1286000 Sales 112.7 mln v 93.8 mln Avg shrs 11.2 mln v 9.1 mln Nine Mths Shr 58 ct v 15 ct Net 6377000 v 1332000 Sales 307.8 mln v 233.8 mln Avg shrs 10.9 mln v 9.1 mln NOTE: Effective September 25 1987 Primerica Corp PA> own 81.4 pct Musicland's common shares. Reuter 

President Reagan sent five-year International Natural Rubber Agreement Senate approval. Reagan accord design stabilize rubber price disturb long-term market trend foster expand natural rubber supply reasonable prices. It continue buffer stock 550000 tonne establish 197agreement. This defend regularly adjust price range finance equally import export agreement. Reuter 

The Soviets indicate urgent U.S. wheat subsidy offer unlikely offer ma U.S./Soviet summit expect held month Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng told Reuters. In exclusive interview Reuters Lyng United States offer Moscow wheat subsidy offer offer made. "Last offer it. There's that's take indicate there's press sort deal (a wheat subsidy)." When subsidy offer U.S./Soviet summit Lyng "No I don't so. I don't that." The Agriculture Secretary U.S. wheat subsidy deal Moscow topic appropriate discussion summit. "It issue President Chairman specific negotiation discussion about" Lyng said. "When Mr. Nikonov (communist party secretary agriculture) ... indicate trade wheat discuss President United States. He it's presidential" Lyng said. Lyng uncertainty wheat quality major produce area volatile wheat price unfinished Soviet grain harvest delay final decision timing wheat subsidy Moscow. The future U.S./Soviet long-term grain agreement discuss Lyng Agriculture Secretary question benefit long-standing agreement. "We've row Soviets fail live agreement ... We love continue keep do busines Soviet Union long-term agreement. Who benefit that. These question discuss." When United States benefit agreement Lyng "I don't know. It certainly hasn't hop be. For run they've (Moscow) fail live consider agreement." Reuter 

The United States India yet agree food aid package drought-stricken Asian country Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said. Lyng told Reuters interview country discuss package expect specific offer announce Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's visit week. "We talk potential need India commercial market purchase need possibility assistance" Lyng said. "At detailed plan program. The amount commodity uncertain. But indicate Indians stand ready assist whatever deem valuable" said. There speculation trade circle USDA offer India subsidize vegetable oil export enhancement donate surplus corn Section 419 amend 1949 law. Lyng indicate country unable agree mix concessional commercial aid Washington prefer package include donate food. "The Indians capable purchasing lot take care themselves. India country ability produce food pride that" Lyng said. "We (the United States) obviously surplus commodities... share import Indians compassion India cooperate them" said. Lyng plan meet Indian official Gandhi's visit add "I don't anything announce specifically." Asked "the ball Indians' court" "Yes." Gandhi leave Washington Tuesday evening. Reuter 

Shr 95 ct v 87 ct Net 51.6 mln v 47.3 mln Revs 1.39 billion v 1.26 billion Nine mths Shr 2.27 dlrs v 1.93 dlrs Net 123.5 mln v 104.6 mln Revs 3.92 billion v 3.53 billion Reuter 

end sept 30 Shr 22 ct v 18 ct Net 4127000 v 3177000 Sales 70.2 mln v 48.6 mln NOTE: Share adjust July 1987 two-for-one stock split. Reuter 

Shr 1.52 dlrs v 1.37 dlrs Net 144.5 mln v 127.3 mln Revs 909.8 mln v 824.7 mln Avg shrs 95.1 mln v 92.9 mln 12 mths Shr 4.62 dlrs v 4.05 dlrs Net 435.9 mln v 372.1 mln Revs 3.28 billion v 2.94 billion Avg shrs 94.3 mln v 91.8 mln Reuter 

Southwest Airlines Co intend repurchase 500000 common share market time. The company expand air freight service Dallas Amarillo Houston Austin Lubbock San Antonio Midland/Odessa Texas San Francisco. Reuter 

Oper shr 30 ct v 26 ct Oper net 2360000 v 2018000 Revs 74.4 mln v 70.1 mln Nine mths Oper shr 92 ct v 92 ct Oper net 7101000 v 7116000 Revs 218.8 mln v 209.2 mln NOTE: Earnings exclude gain utilization tax loss carryforwards 978000 dlrs 13 ct share v loss 4967000 dlrs 66 ct share quarter gain 2895000 dlrs 37 ct share v 4944000 dlrs 64 ct share nine month 1986 earnings exclude loss discontinue operation 9000000 dlrs 1.19 dlrs share quarter 387000 dlrs five ct share nine month Reuter 

An E.F. Hutton Group Inc spokesman stuck statement yesterday firm have liquidity problems. The statement Hutton Chief Financial Officer Edward Lill. Sources Hutton senior management meeting statement employee meeting ended. Sources assume statement pertain market rumor firm's have liquidity problem consider bankruptcy. Hutton's stock tumble amid market rumor ready file bankruptcy. Rumors firm problem circulate markets. Hutton stock hit low 11 trading 19-1/4. The stock open 24-1/2. Reuter 

Indications USDA accepted Algeria's bid 75000 tonne hard red winter wheat reject bid remain 225000 tonne export bonus tender U.S. exporter said. USDA accepted Algeria's bid 94.00 dlrs tonne c f 50000 tonne Nov 10-25 shipment 25000 Nov 20-Dec 10 source said. It reject bid wheat shipment date said. Reuter 

Shr 86 ct v 96 ct Net 297 mln v 325 mln Revs 2.95 billion v 2.86 billion Nine mths Shr 2.30 dlrs v 2.74 dlrs Net 785 mln v 916 mln Revs 11.3 billion v 11.1 billion NOTE: 1986 share result restate 3-for-2 stock split January 1987 1987 net period include reposition gain 16 mln dlrs five ct share gain retirement program 65 mln dlrs 20 ct share 1987 nine month net include pre-tax charge 175 mln dlrs GTE's share special write-off U.S. Sprint reduce tax net 104 mln dlrs 31 ct share 1986 net period include reposition gain 32 mln dlrs 10 ct share Reuter 

Qtly div 24 ct v 24 ct prior Pay November 10 Record October 30 Reuter 

The Swiss government's propose 1988 budget project 1.3 billion franc surplus Finance Ministry announced. Income expect rise 11.6 mln franc 27.22 billion expenditure see increase 7.1 mln 25.95 billion year. After internal transfer net income plan total 637 mln francs. The ministry announce high expect income 1987 likely boost year's surplus significantly high 171 mln franc budgeted. The ministry encourage development Switzerland's finance due steady economic growth 1983 government's conservative fiscal policy. Although dollar's weakness likely dampen economic growth slightly 1988 depress export domestic investment consumer demand expect remain strong. Real gross product growth see rise pct annual inflation project reach pct. REUTER 

The plunge stock market price big impact middle range car market impact cheap car luxury vehicle president Saab-Scania America Inc> said. Robert Sinclair U.S. subsidiary Saab-Scania AB SABS.ST> Sweden told reporter "We're middle market -- buyer wait happens." Sinclair great impact buyer car 14000 dlr 18000 dlr range target product assault General Motors Corp GM> segment Ford Motor Co F> considerable success mid-sized cars. Reuter 

South African year-on-year consumer price inflation September fell 15.5 pct 16.3 pct August Central Statistics Office figure show. The monthly rise item index (base 1980) 1.3 pct 273.4 September edge 270.0 August. A ago index stood 236.7 year-on-year consumer price inflation 19.7 pct. REUTER 

Shr 1.46 dlrs v 1.41 dlrs Net 277.5 mln v 268.3 mln dlrs Revs 2.13 billion v 2.14 billion Nine Mths Shr 3.95 dlrs v 3.78 dlrs Net 750.5 mln v 718.4 mln Revs 6.28 billion v 6.22 billion Reuter 

Mexico decide close border import fresh fruit San Diego Orange Counties California U.S. Agriculture Department's officer Mexico City field report. The report date October 14 border closing become effective September 25 include surround 70-mile counties. While ban applies specifically Orange County fruit host Mediterranean fruit fly San Diego County fruit host Oriental fruit fly Mexican Government stop fresh fruit shipment county proof non-infestation provide report said. Reuter 

Shr 44 ct v 1.23 dlrs Net 2889010 v 8105462 Sales 105.8 mln v 119.6 mln Reuter 

Shr 30 ct v 31 ct Net 11.3 mln v 11.7 mln Revs 26.5 mln v 26.3 mln Nine mths Shr 92 ct v 95 ct Net 34.3 mln v 35.5 mln Revs 78.8 mln v 78.2 mln Reuter 

Manor Care Inc raise share repurchase include mln additional share raise total five mln. It h already repurchase mln share outhorized. Manor Care 40 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

Shr 34 ct v 33 ct Net 1031000 v 972000 Revs 27.9 mln v 26.9 mln Nine mths Shr 93 ct v 76 ct Net 2802000 v 2267000 Revs 86.1 mln v 77.7 mln NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr nine mths rev include sale ADT Inc 3.0 mln dlrs 10.9 mln dlrs. 1986 3rd qtr nine mths include sale 3.5 mln dlrs 10.7 mln dlrs. Reuter 

Shr 50 ct Net 2751000 v 2094000 Nine mths Net 6993000 v 5577000 Assets 603.1 mln v 504.3 mln Loans 448.5 mln v 358.1 mln Deposits 467.9 mln v 447.7 mln NOTE: Per share figure 1986 1987 nine mths available bank convert stock form company April 1987. Reuter 

Shr 78 ct v 61 ct Net 4774000 v 3683000 Nine mths Shr 2.14 dlrs v 1.77 dlrs Net 13.1 mln v 10.7 mln Reuter 

Sri Lanka postpone November tender 75000 tonne wheat export bonus originally schedule U.S. exporter said. Reuter 

U.S. And West German reaffirmation support Louvre Accord cannot cure fundamental problem bedevilling economy lie behind current collapse stock market London economist said. "There's acknowledgement dollar allow slip" Richard Jeffrey Hoare Govett. "If continued fear pressure emerges dollar Fed force tighten. This throw economic abyss recession U.S. With obvious knock effect rest world." But economist add Wall Street's crash drag major market curb problem spark turmoil - namely inflation fear massive persistent U.S. Trade deficits. "If benefit 23 pct fall Wall Street ...It's sort resistance inflation worldwide" Geoffrey Dennis broker James Capel echo comment London Tokyo analysts. Lower personal wealth low stock price fear far fall dampen credit growth curb inflationary pressure import demand U.S. They say. Such consideration help bond market resist equity crash accord Mike Osborne Kleinwort Grieveson. "It suicidal government context happen couple day jack rates" added. Stocks surge news Chemical Bank cut prime lending rate half 9.25 pct Tuesday U.S. Fed chairman Alan Greenspan pledge support financial system. The news erode immediate fear stock collapse spill economy via banking crisis example precipitate recession. It help dollar rally sharply 1.8200 mark European low 1.7880. But economist today's whiplash move term significance market try keep underlie fundamental mind. "The United States able live borrow time. If effect (crash) produce slow economic growth recession...It contains news (and) provide realistic assessment U.S. Economy" Capel's Dennis. But add market danger. "The liquidity doesn't disappear...All it's do disappear equity markets" Dennis noted. David Morrison Goldman Sachs International market turbulence exacerbate Group Seven (G-7) lead western nation confirms base dollar imply West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg's remark intervention support currency on. Last week's dollar fall partly trigger expectation Germans worried money supply impact intervention maintain currency stability. But rigid adherence dollar range bad Morrison. "The Louvre Accord fundamentally misconceived. To stabilise dollar level wrong" said. Reuter 

Two container crane donate Danish International Development Agency (DANIDA) arrive Dar e Salaam increase port's cargo handle capacity port official said. The container crane join Danish container crane already instal port trade outlet Tanzania Zambia Malawi eastern Zaire. Five crane Finland due arrive soon increase container terminal's handle capacity 120000 unit 30000 official said. Reuter 

An unexpectedly heavy 4.4 billion stg surge U.K. September sterling bank lending unlikely nudge Bank England towards tighten monetary policy sterling remains robust economist said. An acute crisis confidence equity market past day subdue personal consumer credit demand largely behind growth lending. "In normal course event market extremely worried figure" note Peter Spencer U.K. Economist Credit Suisse First Boston. After initial dip reaction bank lending data compare won stg August rise U.K. Government bond (gilts) soar investor continued flee plummetting equity relative security government securities. Equity market drop sharply news touch day's low 1766.7 FTSE 100 index data stag recovery. Sterling held buoyant tone throughout. U.K. Money market rate similarly calm response resume slightly easy trend earlier morning little token blip figure out. Noting huge rise credit extend bank circumstance prompt market fear rise clearing bank base rate current 10 pct "With financial market do they're do that's Bank England do" Spencer said. "The monetary situation clearly bad sterling firm authority unlikely rate up" Kevin Boakes chief U.K. Economist Greenwell Montagu Gilt Edged. Boakes point rise narrow money measure M0 5.2 pct year-on-year August's 4.5 pct growth cause concern Treasury. But "The overall broad money growth slow encourage sign" note Paul Temperton U.K. Economist Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. He point fall year-on-year growth rate M3 broad money aggregate 19.5 pct September August's 22 pct. It concern credit growth prompt Bank England engineer rise U.K. Bank base rate 10 pct August caution endorse subsequently news massive 4.9 billion stg July rise bank lending. Temperton note particular focus bank worry period behaviour U.K. Asset markets. Housing equity key asset market influence consumer behaviour said. In precipitous fall U.K. Equity market past day "There certainly straightforward impact consumer spending retail sales" Temperton said. "Almost certainly look forward slow growth consumer borrowing equity shakeout continues" added. "I stock market decide bank lending figure past...We talk serious panic flight quality" Spencer said. A U.K. Treasury official look monetary information bank lending add monetary aggregate grow slowly bank lending. Senior banking source note surge bank lending evidence continue recent trend fairly heavy personal sector borrowing. Figures Banking Information Service show personal sector lending U.K. Clearing bank rise 1.66 billion stg September 978 mln stg August rise. Much rise reflect quarterly payments. REUTER 

The Federal Reserve expect enter government security market add reserve via customer repurchase agreement economist said. They expect amount total 1.5 billion billion dlrs. Economists add low rate federal fund indicates Fed unlikely add fund agressively overnight repurchase unless feel calm volatile financial markets. Federal fund trading 7-1/8 pct yesterday's average 7.61 pct. Reuter 

Taiwan's foreign exchange reserve bouyed rise export hit record likely soar 72 billion U.S. Dlrs central bank official Tuesday. Central Bank Governor Chang Chi-cheng told reporter reserve total 69 billion U.S. Dlrs compare 42 billion 68 billion October 5. He decline elaborate. A senior bank official decline name told Reuters reserve likely reach 72 billion dlrs year. "The surge reserve result trade surplus recent purchase U.S. Dollars local interbank market" Chang said. Taiwan's trade surplus hit record 14.95 billion U.S. Dlrs nine month 1987 compare 11.05 billion earlier official figure show. Vice Economic Minister Wang Chien-hsien surplus rise 20 billion dlrs year. About 80 pct surplus island's trade United States. Chien Taiwan's trade reach 80 billion U.S. Dlrs compare 63.96 billion year. Its export expect total 50 billion import 30 billion export 39.79 billion import 24.17 billion year. REUTER 

Shr 1.11 dlrs v 59 ct Net 42.6 mln v 22.2 mln Sales 531.8 mln v 407.4 mln Nine mths Shr 2.45 dlrs v 1.27 dlrs Net 93.7 mln v 48.1 mln Sales 1.44 billion v 1.12 billion Reuter 

Scrap crepe price firm shortcovering demand Colombo rubber auction broker said. One-X brown trade 19.75 rupee kg 15 cent rate grade show improvements. The rise attribute shortage rubber available manufacture type. Latex crepe price unchanged one-X sell 20.92 rupees. Crepe trade 20.68 crepe 20.45 rupees. Sheet firm previous week RSS1 average 22.05 rupee 22 previously. The total quantity rubber offer sale 320 tonnes. REUTER 

Commodore International Ltd agree major lending bank renew company's credit agreement 79 mln dlrs. In fiscal 1987 end June 30 Commodore repaid 68 mln dlrs lending group. Commodore renewal company's major bank facility together 60 mln dlr long-term financing complete past May Prudential Insurance Co America> provide sound financial basis company. Reuter 

Shr 64 ct v 40 ct Net 14.9 mln v 8600000 Revs 468.5 mln v 411.7 mln Nine mths Shr 2.64 dlrs v 2.96 dlrs Net 61.6 mln v 67.0 mln Revs 1.43 billion v 1.32 billion Reuter 

Norway's September oil output rise 22.2 pct 1.07 mln barrel (bpd) 830492 bpd August accord Reuter survey firm operating here. Operators sharp rise reflect high output Norway's big field resume production field shut 27 day August Ekofisk field rescue project. Industry analyst increase exceed Norway's voluntary move curb 7.5 pct plan growth oil output move design OPEC-led effort stabilise oil price limit supply crude markets. Norway OPEC member decide June extend production restraint enforce February 1 1987 North Sea field rest year. Oil Minister Arne Oeien month expect Norway extend 1988 policy slow production growth. The big increase see Ekofisk field pumped 168023 bpd September 48195 bpd August field operator Phillips Petroleum Norway Inc said. Ekofisk nearby Valhall Ula field Ekofisk pipeline shut August Phillips raise Ekofisk platform counter seabed subsidence. BP Petroleum Development Norway Ltd operator Ula field September output rise 86727 bpd drop 27237 bpd August shutdown. Valhall operate Amoco Norway A/S flow 74694 bpd month compare 69748 bpd August company said. September production sharply high Statfjord field. Norway's 84 pct share Statfjord extends British North Sea sector 611138 bpd 552646 bpd August operator Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap A/S (Statoil) said. Norway's 22.2 pct share Murchison field Statfjord extends British sector yield 15388 bpd September slight 920 bpd decrease previous month Norwegian partner British-operated field said. Statoil boost output Gullfaks field 109670 bpd September compare 100188 August. Norsk Hydro operator Oseberg field test output field mobile production ship Petro Jarl total 1719 bpd month sharply 16170 bpd August. Hydro drop cause failure bring stream cut September production days. REUTER 

Pirelli Spa PIRI.MI> full-year result 1987 depend economic situation cloud possibility recession. It strong demand cable tire sector contribute improve sale profit six month 1987. The statement cable sector show sustain demand six month particularly Italy Spain Argentina. It cable sale U.S. Market remain weak however. Reuter 

Shr 70 ct v 61 ct Net 200.2 mln v 173.9 mln Sales 1.38 billion v 1.26 billion Nine mths Shr 1.87 dlrs v 1.54 dlrs Net 535.6 mln v 437.8 mln Sales 4.04 billion v 3.63 billion NOTE: Share adjust two-for-one stock split. Reuter 

Shr 14 ct v 15 ct Net 867000 v 956000 Revs 9203000 v 5304000 Six mths Shr 18 ct v 34 ct Net 1111000 v 1747000 Revs 16.7 mln v 10.4 mln NOTE: 1987 2nd qtr six mths net include 279000 dlrs 432000 dlrs tax credits. 1986 2nd qtr six mths net include 361000 dlrs 1747000 dlrs tax credits. Reuter 

Mellon Bank Corp action take third quarter include eight pct reduction staff expect improve earnings potential. The company post net loss 626 mln dlrs six month report earnings 16 mln dlrs 47 ct share compare net 53 mln dlrs 1.78 dlrs third quarter 1986. The company raise 420 mln dlrs capital third quarter eight pct staff reduction reduce staff expense future periods. Reuter 

Shr 30 ct v 12 ct Net 3059000 v 1258000 Revs 36.2 mln v 29.1 mln Nine mths Shr 67 ct v 24 ct Net 6855000 v 2442000 Revs 100.9 mln v 77.8 mln Reuter 

Shr 35 ct v 30 ct Net 3997000 v 3442000 Nine mths Shr 1.04 dlrs v Net 12.0 mln v 8161000 NOTE: Company July 1986. Net include loan loss provision 500000 dlrs v 105000 dlrs quarter 1100000 dlrs v 105000 dlrs nine mths. Net include pretax gain sale asset 162000 dlrs v 400000 dlrs quarter 877000 dlrs v 1229000 dlrs nine mths. Reuter 

Canadian Finance Minister Michael Wilson say lead industrial nation held discussion provide liquidity financial Monday's record stock market decline. "There discussion G-7 participant (Canada United States Japan Britain West Germany France Italy)" told reporter emerge cabinet meeting. "There intent sure sufficient liquidity system. Clearly reason bond market firmer rate dropping" Wilson said. "The level rate factor concerned equity markets. I touch G-7 colleague countries" Wilson said. "This course yesterday even morning continue" said. "What agree (that) basic strength economies...looks good" Wilson said. Reuter 

Assets Offshore Banking Units (OBUs) Bahrain rise 11 pct quarter 1987 reach high level 1985 Bahrain Monetary Agency (BMA) figure show. The BMA's quarterly statistical bulletin give reason sharp rise economist bank appear stay liquid escalation Gulf crisis. They bank parking fund interbank market outside Bahrain. Despite rise asset bank Bahrain retrench operation considerably. At 1986 68 OBUs compare 74 1985. BMA figure show OBU asset rise 58.30 billion dlrs June 52.53 billion March 55.68 billion 1986. The mid-1987 figure high 1985 asset topped 61 billion. The quarter rise entirely OBU asset outside Bahrain. The volume loan non-bank sector decline slightly indicate sluggish economy region economist said. Assets commercial bank Bahrain slightly low quarter 2.05 billion dinar compare 2.10 billion quarter. REUTER 

Shr dilute 31 ct v 60 ct Net 3276776 v 6846367 Revs 187.7 mln v 181.3 mln Nine mths Shr dilute 52 ct v 1.51 dlrs Net 5301876 v 16.4 mln Revs 535.7 mln v 513.0 mln Reuter 

Tribune Co pre-tax charge 16.7 mln dlrs 11 ct share employee severance cost New York Daily News lead 73 pct decline company's 1987 third-quarter earnings. Tribune report net income 33085000 dlrs 42 ct share 123450000 dlrs 1.53 dlrs 1986 third quarter. The company 1986 third-quarter result boost one-time pre-tax gain 145 mln dlrs 1.11 dlrs share sale cable television systems. After adjust extraordinary item Tribune President Stanton Cook 1987 year-end strong. "Overall expect Tribune company's earnings non-recurring factor show solid improvement 1987" Cook said. A 14 pct increase newsprint price 1986 third quarter depressed newspaper publishing operating profit company said. They slightly 46.1 mln dlrs adjust Daily News severance cost 45 mln dlrs 1986 quarter said. Increased efficiency Tribune's paper mill contribute 56 pct gain newsprint operating profit 21.8 mln dlrs 14 mln dlrs said. Reuter 

Shr 3.71 dlrs v 95 ct Net 233.8 mln v 62.8 mln Revs 997.8 mln v 938.0 mln Nine mths Shr 5.06 dlrs v 2.24 dlrs Net 327.2 mln v 148.0 mln Revs 3.00 billion v 2.70 billion NOTE: Realized investment gain net tax 1987 3rd qtr nine mths 147.0 mln dlrs 271.0 mln dlrs respectively. Realized investment gain 1986 3rd qtr nine mths 18.6 mln dlrs 33.6 mln dlrs respectively. Company repurchase 1.2 mln share stock 1987 3rd qtr. Reuter 

Switzerland budget surplus project 1988 redeem debt Finance Ministry said. The government's plan call income exceed expenditure 1.3 billion Swiss franc year. After internal transfer net income see reach 637 mln francs. The ministry press release surplus "for redeem debt" finance environmental protection transport research development projects. "Thanks favourable liquidity situation debt able repaid" ministry said. "That reduce net burden 2.2 pct net income low 1974." Finance Minister Otto Strich government plan continue tight fiscal policy move goal reduce taxes. In meantime concentrate redeem debt statement. "In payment burden finance reduce government's ability policy broadened" said. REUTER 

Salomon Inc offer clear transaction faster normal mutual fund clients. Robert Salomon manage director response question whether firm commit lend capital mutal fund Goldman Sachs Co. Goldman lend billion dlrs mutual fund enable sell security cash so. "We certainly work meet clients" Salomon said. "We offer mutual fund industry clear transaction faster normal settlement accommodates need" said. Reuter 

The New York Stock Exchange member firm refrain use NYSE delivery purpose execute index arbitrage related transaction aspect trading today's opening. The request letter issue NYSE earlier morning. The Exchange delivery allows member firm directly route order specialist trading floor via computer. Reuter 

Shr 26 ct v 11 ct Net 8700000 v 3600000 Revs 988.9 mln v 674.5 mln Nine mths Shr 3.65 dlrs v 1.38 dlrs Net 120.6 mln v 43.6 mln Revs 2.7 billion v 2.1 billion NOTE: Net 1987 include 4.4 mln discontinue opers 51.6 mln tax gain sale E.F. Hutton Insurance Group 36.6 mln extraordinary gain utiliazation loss carryforward. Net 1986 include 10.8 mln discontinue opers extraordinary credit 5.2 mln utilization loss carryforwards. Reuter 

GTE Corp encourage considerable decline US Sprint's operating loss third quarter compare previous quarters. The company 50 pct pre-tax share loss late quarter 82.5 mln. The 50 pct Sprint own United Telecommunications Inc UT>. GTE improvement reflect high revenue gradual elimination redundant cost oft's network traffic migrates digital fiber-optic network. GTE "we expect US Sprint's result continue improve fourth quarter beyond." It US Spring's third quarter revenue total 685 mln dlrs increase 24 pct 552 mln dlrs earlier quarter GTE 82.5 mln dlr share late quarter's loss compare loss 79 mln dlrs ago quarter. Reuter 

Leading senator told investor Congress swift action reduce federal budget deficit calm nervousness stock market hit record set losses. Speaking American Stock Exchange-sponsored investors' conference Senator Bob Packwood "the thing" Congress panic Wall Street continue work deficit reduction scheme. "I hope Congress respond one-or two-day phenomenon" Oregon Republican said. Reuter 

Avon Products Inc earlier report low third quarter profit fourth quarter full earnings exceed ago result due strong sale domestic cosmetic improve economic situtation Brazil. Last Avon earn 158.7 mln dlrs 2.23 dlrs share sale 2.9 billion dlrs. In current third quarter Avon earnings drop 12 pct 37 ct share wage price freeze Brazil company's major operating areas. "Themance domestic beauty fourth quarter offset impact Brazil earnings" Hicks Waldron Avon's chairman chief executive statement. John Cox Avon's spokesman told Reuters Brazil's economic problem cost company 10 ct share seven mln dlrs profit third quarter. He half loss offset strong performance company's domestic cosmetic business. For nine month period Avon's earnings flat. Avon statement initial offering Japan 40 pct Japanese subsidiary expect exceed 200 mln dlrs schedule November. Avon offering depend stock market conditions. Reuter 

Service Corp International Investment Capital Corp unit sell entire 14.8 pct stake Capital Southwest Corp CSWC.O> common stock longer hold Capital Southwest shares. In filing Securities Exchange Commission Investment Capital sell 280000 share Capital Southwest common stock September 21 19.56 dlrs 21.50 dlrs share. No reason recent sales. Reuter 

shr profit 2.73 dlrs v 2.29 dlrs net 129.1 mln v 105.8 mln nine mths shr loss 28.33 dlrs v profit 6.42 dlrs net loss 1.16 billion v profit 301.8 mln NOTE: 3rd qtr include previously report gain 55.0 mln dlrs 29.4 mln after-tax capture excess pension funds. Nine mths include 1.7 billion dlr addition loan loss reserve 2nd qtr mostly shaky LDC debts. Reuter 

Shr 23 ct v 23 ct Net 31.9 mln v 15.7 mln Revs 876.9 mln v 401.2 mln Avg shrs 140.1 mln v 68.6 mln Nine mths Shr 53 ct v 42 ct Net 74.0 mln v 28.9 mln Revs 2.55 billion v 1.17 billion Avg shrs 140.1 mln v 68.6 mln NOTE: Results include acquire bottle company date acquisition. On pro forma basis acquisition start period company earn 5704000 dlrs ct share 140.0 mln share outstanding revenue 826.2 mln dlrs quarter earn 14.1 mln dlrs 10 ct share share revenue 2.41 billion dlrs nine mths. Reuter 

CBI Industries Inc repurchase 500000 common share employee stock ownership plan purposes. The company 21.8 mln common share outstanding. Reuter 

Shr 80 ct v 72 ct Net 18900000 v 17100000 Sales 267.4 mln v 288.6 mln Nine mths Shr 2.26 dlrs v 2.04 dlrs Net 53600000 v 48200000 Sales 839.3 mln v 836.3 mln Reuter 

Shr 2.03 dlrs v 1.53 dlrs Net 146.4 mln v 110.3 mln Nine month shr loss 3.99 dlrs v profit 4.62 dlrs net loss 283.3 mln v profit 330.5 mln Avg shrs 71.08 mln v 69.26 mln Assets 56.9 billion v 50.7 billion Deposits 30.4 billion v 25.9 billion Loans 26.3 billion v 25.7 billion Note : Nine month loss reflect 700 mln dlr increase loan loss provisions. Without tax benefit third-quarter net income 127.6 mln dlrs 16 pct 17.4 mln dlrs third quarter 1986. Non-interest income total 342.6 mln dlrs third quarter 47 pct 109.7 mln dlrs largely due increase income foreign exchange trading fee commissions. Foreign exchange trading income total 71.3 mln dlrs 44.3 mln ago. Provision loan loss third quarter 20 mln dlrs versis 40 mln previously. At September 30 provision loan loss jumped 1.30 billion dlrs 455 mln year. Reuter 

Stock market Asia's economic "little dragons" see hot tip global investor reel share price crashed U.S. The region's main trading partner. Panic spread Taiwan Hong Kong Singapore South Korea follow collapse Wall Street. Officials Hong Kong worried notoriously volatile market wild suspend trading Monday. Markets Taiwan South Korea shelter swing world's bourse batter time. Taipei's weight index fell full permit level shed 172.9 point close 3492.9. Seoul's composite index lose 11 point late morning 505.28 investor worried rise oil price U.S. Attacks Iranian oil platform Gulf. "When U.S. Catches cold Taiwan sneezes" manager Blair Pickerell Jardine Fleming Taiwan Limited. "In Taiwan pneumonia." Blue chip Singapore hit selling. The Straits Times Industrial Index lose 190.12 point late afternoon trading 1033.16 break Monday's fall 169.14 points. Reuter 

International Business Machines Corp announce series price action relate System/38 line computers. The company introduce price reduction range pct 20 pct model 200 700 System/38 computer. IBM memory purchase price reduce 5000 dlrs 3500 dlrs megabyte. Additionally company introduce special price offering provide saving customer select model instal System/38 computer upgrade model 600 700. The value offering undisclosed. Reuter 

Shr profit 23 ct v profit 49 ct Net profit 24.1 mln v profit 49.6 mln Revs 755.4 mln v 708.3 mln Nine mths Shr loss 84 ct v profit 1.53 dlrs Net loss 80.7 mln v profit 152.3 mln Revs 1.19 billion v 2.32 billion NOTE: Per shr reflect payment prefer dividends. Results include loss 7435000 eight ct shr prior nine mths discontinue operations. Latest nine month result include one-time charge 1.09 dlrs share relate US Sprint. Revenues exclude US Sprint joint venture GTE Corp GTE>. Reuter 

Shr 70 ct v 61 ct Net 200.2 mln v 173.9 mln Sales 1.38 billion v 1.26 billion Nine mths Shr 1.87 dlrs v 1.54 dlrs Net 535.6 mln v 437.8 mln Sales 4.04 billion v 3.63 billion NOTE: Share adjust two-for-one stock split. REUTER 

Shr 25 ct v 19 ct Net 687000 v 514000 Sales 20.7 mln v 13.2 mln Reuter 

New York-based Bastian Technologies Corp acquire five pct stake Cosmo Communications Corp consider move seek control company secure role affairs. "Bastian Technologies believe appropriate management policy strategy company profitable maximize shareholder underlie value company" Bastian filing Securities Exchange Commission. Bastian alternative consider include attempt acquire Cosmo merger tender exchange offer seek influence company's management policy seek representation Cosmo's board director proxy contest otherwise. Bastian contact third party regard intention Cosmo add intend request meeting Cosmo representative discus investment Cosmo stock. Bastian currently hold 253700 Cosmo common share five pct total outstanding. The share purchase Nasta International Inc NAS> October 16 1.15 mln dlrs Bastia said. Reuter 

National Distillers Chemical corp intend repurchase mln 32.8 mln common share market privately time. Reuter 

Qtly div 21-1/2 ct v 20 ct prior Pay December 15 Record November 16 Reuter 

Shr 53 ct v 38 ct Net 22249000 v 15356000 Sales 189.1 mln v 166.5 mln Nine mths Shr 1.56 dlrs v 1.21 dlrs Net 64707000 v 49603000 Sales 559.2 mln v 492.4 mln Reuter 

Whirlpool Corp have joint venture discussion Vitro S.A.> Monterrey Nuevo Leon Mexico formation Mexican venture manufacture sale major appliances. It Vitro consolidated sale project 1.0 billion dlrs (U.S.) 1987. Reuter 

Shr loss ct v profit ct Net profit 253000 v profit 356000 Revs 17.5 mln v 12.3 mln Nine mths Shr profit cent v profit 21 ct Net profit 628000 v profit 2921000 Revs 54.9 mln v 36.0 mln NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include gain 106000 dlrs cent share 846000 dlrs six ct share respectively utilization tax loss carryforward. 1986 qtr nine mths include gain 178000 dlrs cent share gain 810000 dlrs six ct share respectively utilization tax loss carryforward. 1987 nine mths include loss 1519000 dlrs 11 ct share extinguishment debt. Reuter 

Bankers Trust New York Corp tax benefit result increase loan loss provision boost earnings record 146.4 mln dlrs third quarter 110.3 mln ago. During third quarter firm realize 18.8 mln dlrs tax benefit related special addition 700 mln dlrs allowance loan loss take quarter 1987. For nine month increase loan loss provision result net loss 283.3 mln dlrs versus 330.5 mln dlr profit 1986 period. Reuter 

Trans World Airlines Inc chairman Carl C. Icahn withdrawn proposal acquire TWA share already due deterioration market conditions. Under proposal Icahn paid TWA share 20 dlrs cash 25 dlrs amount 12 pct subordinate debenture due 2007. TWA Icahn reserve subsequent proposal future date term terms. Reuter 

Carnival Cruise Lines repourchase five mln Class A common share subject market conditions. It decline market stock attractive investment. Carnival 132.2 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

International Business Machines Corp Bell Atlantic Corp agree jointly study product opportunity intelligent network service international marketplace. The company study ass marketplace requirement outside U.S. series intelligent network voice data image application. The company application include 800-number service alternate billing service private network services. Reuter 

Shr primary 1.79 dlrs v 1.72 dlrs Shr dilute 1.39 dlrs v 1.34 dlrs Net 12.1 mln v 11.7 mln Nine mths Shr primary 5.56 dlrs v 4.41 dlrs Shr dilute 4.30 dlrs v 3.74 dlrs Net 37.3 mln v 29.1 mln Assets 3.92 billion v 3.83 billion Loans 3.05 billion v 2.99 billion NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include gain 6016000 dlrs 18.7 mln dlrs respectively utilization net operating loss carryforward. 1986 qtr nine mths include gain 6233000 dlrs 15.5 mln dlrs respectively utilization net operating loss carryforward. Full name company american saving bank fsb york. Reuter 

The White House react calmly stock market situation say crisis atmosphere action planned. Spokesman Marlin Fitzwater information special White House work group action indicate feel crisis. "There one" said. He President Reagan schedule meeting Treasury Secretary James Baker en route form Europe. At Fitzwater welcome action major bank rescind increase prime rate. Reuter 

Baxter Travenol Laboratories Inc sale hospital product service rise 13 pct 882 mln dlrs 1987 third quarter. The company medical system specialty sale increase six pct 354 mln dlrs. Alternate site product service sale rise 13 pct 261 mln dlrs. Industrial product sa gain 18 pct 88 mln dlrs. The company's total sale third quarter rise 11 pct 1.58 billion dlrs. Baxter domestic sale third quarter total 1.25 billion dlrs sale international market rise 333 mln dlrs. Stronger foreign currency value contribute 29 mln dlrs third quarter international sale said. Earlier company report 1987 third quarter earnings 90 mln dlrs 31 ct share 51 mln dlrs 18 ct comparable 1986 period. Reuter 

A W Brands Inc complete acquisition Vernors Inc United Brands Co UB> cash stock transaction worth value 10 mln dlrs Reuter 

Shr 4.77 dlrs v 1.65 dlrs Net 61.3 mln v 21.1 mln Revs 312.9 mln v 291.5 mln Nine mths Shr 9.51 dlrs v 4.98 dlrs Net 122.3 mln v 63.9 mln Revs 950.4 mln v 881.8 mln NOTE: 1987 net period include gain 24.2 mln dlrs 1.88 dlrs share sale Detroit Cellular telephone company 6.1 mln dlrs 47 ct share sale sportschannel Cable program network. Reuter 

Iran's top spokesman Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani Tuesday call U.S. Attacks Gulf oil platform escalation promise retaliation. "God willing carry duty come day sorry" Rafsanjani speech Parliament broadcast Tehran Radio. The Tehran leadership quick threaten vengeance U.S. Raids rig destroyed. President Ali Khamenei Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi Rafsanjani 24 hour U.S. Action vowed retaliation. Rafsanjani parliamentary speaker "It threat attempt intimidation respond aggression -- reality prove practice." He add American attack "squares neither superpower image nor claim concern security nor reason wisdom." U.S. Warships shell Iranian offshore oil platform American special force board destroy equipment. The U.S. Government attack measure response Iranian missile attack American-flagged Kuwaiti tanker Sea Isle City Kuwaiti water Friday. REUTER 

Shr 66 ct v 57 ct Net 64.0 mln v 52.9 mln Nine mths Shr 1.49 dlrs v 1.64 dlrs Net 142.2 mln v 153.3 mln Assets 18.04 billion v 16.63 billion Deposits 13.97 billion v 12.78 billion Loans 12.54 billion v 10.81 billion Reuter 

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng pleased European Community plan offer global farm reform plan GATT month United States opposes key part proposal. "We're pleased move table proposal. It get negotiation underway" Lyng told Reuters interview Tuesday. Lyng's comment EC minister Luxembourg endorse farm reform package draft EC Commission. The EC plan present meeting Uruguay round agriculture negotiator Geneva October 26. Lyng United States oppose part plan seek market share agreement grain propose curb U.S. soybean cereal substitute export Europe. The U.S. July propose GATT elimination farm subsidy affect trade ten press EC counter-offer aim reach global farm subsidy agreement 1988. However EC U.S. domestic group Reagan administration plan farm trade subsidy unrealistic. Asked criticism Lyng "The alternative do preserve maintain them. I unrealistic position." "I suggest (EC) listen try say." Lyng reject suggestion U.S. EC agree freeze export subsidy GATT negotiation started. "All country wheat agreement stop export subsidy wheat. That doesn't us" Lyng said. The United States want subsidy range agricultural product dairy product vegetable oil said. At GATT negotiator meeting week Canada expect offer proposal EC. The United States represent meeting former agriculture undersecretary Daniel Amstutz recently appoint special U.S. negotiator agriculture. Reuter 

Shr 41 ct v 28 ct Net 66.2 mln v 41.8 mln Revs 824.1 mln v 693.3 mln Nine mths Shr 1.50 dlrs v 87 ct Net 236.1 mln v 123.8 mln Revs 2.38 billion v 2.02 billion Reuter 

Shr 72 ct v 56 ct Qtly div 18 ct v 18 ct prior Net 18.7 mln v 14.4 mln Revs 239.7 mln v 187.1 mln Nine mths Shr 1.87 dlrs v 1.26 dlrs Net 48.3 mln v 32.5 mln Revs 676.9 mln v 574.8 mln NOTE: Dividend payable December 1 shareholder record October 30. Reuter 

Shr 1.54 dlrs v 1.27 dlrs Net 7065000 v 5812000 Nine mths Shr 4.25 dlrs v 3.40 dlrs Net 19.5 mln v 15.6 mln Assets 2.84 billion v 1.87 billion Deposits 2.51 billion v 1.67 billion NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include gain 2500000 dlrs 54 ct share utilization tax loss carryforward. 1986 qtr nine mths include gain 2158000 dlrs 47 ct share 5567000 dlrs 1.22 dlrs shr respectively utilization tax loss carryforward. Reuter 

Bethlehem Steel Corp price steel sheet product increase 30 dlrs ton effective January 3. The increase affect non-contract spot transaction achieve reduction competitive discounts. The company transaction price contract account duration six month increase commensurate levels. Percentage increase immediately available. Prices flat-rolled steel sheet automobile appliance product vary widely 350 800 dlrs ton. The company take action restore sheet transaction price equitable levels. In case price low attain 1984 said. Bethlehem response change market condition potential inflationary pressure effort mininize duration firm price contracts. Reuter 

Shr 96 ct v 83 ct Net 119.3 mln v 102.8 mln Revs 1.01 billion v 869.9 mln Nine mths Shr 2.53 dlrs v 2.01 dlrs Net 313.6 mln v 248.5 mln Revs 2.83 billion v 2.52 billion NOTE: 1986 nine month earnings include nonrecurring loss 9.9 mln dlrs eight cent share purchase 123.7 mln dlrs principal amount company's 150 mln dlr 12-1/4 pct debenture due February 15 2015. Reuter 

Great Western Financial Corp 1987 12 month earnings low earnings 300.8 mln dlrs revenue 3.77 billion dlrs report 1986. The company cite one-time write-off investment Federal Savings Loan Insurance Corp secondary reserve one-time high federal tax rate reduce loan sale volume effect rise short-term rate margin reason expect decline. In addition company cite net-after tax loss 2.4 mln dlrs lease operation 1987 nine mth period reason anticipate earnings drop. Earlier financial service company report earnings 57.8 mln dlrs third quarter 1987 compare earnings 79.4 mln dlrs 1986 quarter 1987 nine month earnings 195.8 mln dlrs compare 1986 earnings 228.9 mln dlrs. Reuter 

French Finance Minister Edouard Balladur contact Finance Ministers Group Seven lead industrial country particular West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg discus crisis market Finance Ministry source said. They whether contact lead concert action market merely exchange views. But add French ministry official continue contact exchange view market performance. Reuter 

Toyota Motor Co expect U.S. vehicle sale 1988 decline 875000 car truck roughly 930000 expect 1987 senior exeuctive said. Jim Perkins vice president sale marketing Toyota's U.S. sale subsidiary told reporter Toyota's expect decline principally truck segment company face intense competition U.S. domestic manufacturer Ford Motor Co F>. Toyota expect stress sale low middle segment car market remain competitive. Asked Toyota's U.S. profit show substantial decline low truck sale respond "conceivably could" add "Our plan chase make economic sense." Perkins predict 1988 U.S. vehicle market fall below 15 mln sale above 15 mln expect year. He expect small Japanese automaker force withdraw U.S. market seek partnership intense competition. The Toyota executive collapse U.S. stock price far weaken dollar likely "a quick impact Japanese (car) companies." "In company stock market go soon New York metropolitan car market. New York indicator what's happen rest country. I tell 15 day (of car sales) New York market rest country six months" Perkins said. The Toyota executive panic selloff New York Stock Exchange hurt car market "it create shock wave doubt mind consumers." He Toyota wait 30 60 day ass impact stock market drop wider economy make change basic plan U.S. market. Toyota expect 1988 U.S. sale total 600000 car 275000 truck compare 630000 car 300000 truck expect 1987 644000 car 388000 truck sell 1986. He Toyota hope able import 610000 car Japan 1988 1987 allocation Tokyo's voluntary export restraint scheme. But uncertain Toyota keep current allocation becuase pressure Japan's Ministry International Trade Industry roll Japanese car export quota current 2.3 mln annualized rate. Reuter 

LASMO Exploration (Canada) Ltd subsidiary London  Scottish Marine Oil Plc LSML.L> merge Onyx Petroleum Exploration Co Ltd> LASMO said. The merger Onyx buying LASMO Exploration share swap. A company LASMO Canada Inc formed. LASMO control 70 pct equity worth 76 mln Canadian dlrs base current Onyx share price. The company proven reserve 9.5 mln barrel oil 20.9 billion cubic foot gas LASMO said. Reuter 

Shr 31 ct v 26 ct Net 1858000 v 1388000 Sales 27.1 mln v 18.7 mln Nine mths Shr 87 ct v 76 ct Net 5126000 v 3798000 Sales 70.6 mln v 57.2 mln Reuter 

Wells Fargo Co anticipates modest profit full 1987. For previous full company post net 273.5 mln dlrs 5.03 dlrs share. The company report third quarterrofit 155 mln dlrs 2.77 dlrs share compare 77.4 mln dlrs 1.35 dlrs share. Wells Fargo report net loss 60.4 mln dlrs 1.43 dlrs share nine month 1987 compare net 195.2 mln dlrs 3.66 dlrs share nine month 1986. The current result include tax benefit special addition allowance loan loss 550 mln dlrs quarter. Reuter 

H.B. Shaine Co Inc> Grand Rapids Mich. ceas broker-dealer operation close Oct 19 New York Stock Exchange said. The firm report financial difficulty continue member firm NYSE accord NYSE. Officials company reach far comment. Reuter 

Aristech Chemical Corp former chemical subsidiary USX Corp X> expect earnings 1987 exceed analyst estimate 2.50 dlrs share. Aristech earlier report net income 18.7 mln dlrs 72 ct share compare 14.4 mln dlrs 56 ct share year-earlier period pro forma basis. Last Aristech earn 43.9 mln dlrs pro forma basis company stand-alone entity effective January 1986. Reuter 

Shr 21 ct v 19 ct Net 2560000 v 2359000 Revs 70.0 mln v 56.0 mln Nine mths Shr 54 ct v 42 ct Net 6574000 v 5100000 Revs 207.7 mln v 174.0 mln Reuter 

Shr 72 ct v 74 ct Net 11.9 mln v 11.9 mln Nine mths Shr 2.18 dlrs v 2.18 dlrs Net 35.0 mln v 34.6 mln Assets 4.6 billion v 4.3 billlion Loans 3.1 billion v 2.8 billion NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr include security tax gain 1519000 dlrs 10 ct share. Reuter 

Mthly div 7.354 ct v 8.362 ct prior Pay Jan 10 Record Oct 30 NOTE: Freeport-McMoRan Oil Gas Royalty Trust. Reuter 

Qtly div 17 ct v 13 ct Pay Jan Record Dec Reuter 

Josephson International Inc repurchase 445874 common share yesterday authorization buy 500000 share board authorize far repurchase 500000 share market privately. Reuter 

Shr profit seven ct v profit 32 ct Net profit 154398 v profit 694521 Revs 17.7 mln v 19.5 mln Year Shr profit 86 ct v loss 50 ct Net profit 1862986 v loss 1078535 Revs 78.2 mln v 81.4 mln NOTE: 1987 result include extraordinary credit 459000 dlrs 21 ct shr due utilization tax loss carryforward. Fiscal 1987 nonrecurring income item total 4322342 v 1393187 1986. Qtr 1987 include 446000 dlrs 20 ct shr extraordinary charge due duction utilization tax loss carryforward. Nonrecurring income item total 2564 mths 1987 v 1211196 mths 1986. Nonrecurring income 1987 include pretax gain 4307180 dlrs sale company's leasehold Glen Oaks store Dec 16 1986. The company discontinue operation unit Jan. 17 1987. Nonrecurring income 12 month 1986 include 575000 settlement litigation gain 618719 dlrs surrender leaseholds. The 12 month period include refund prior year's real estate tadxes 136964. Reuter 

Shr 45 ct v 61 ct Net 504000 v 683000 Nine mths Shr 1.83 dlrs v 2.42 dlrs Net 2043000 v 2183000 Reuter 

Qtr end September 30. Shr 83 ct v 75 ct Net 3053000 v 2775000 Assets 1.2 billion v 1.0 billion Deposits 851.8 mln v 754.1 mln Loans 912.5 mln v 798.1 mln Reuter 

Rumors circulate trade morning USSR purchase mln tonne U.S. corn confirmation. One dealer amount probably low trade estimates. Reuter 

Period end September 30. Shr 17 ct v 10 ct Net 2.2 mln v 1.3 mln Sales 40.6 mln v 32.6 mln Reuter 

Shr 65 ct v 47 ct Net 17.7 mln v 11.9 mln Revs 131.9 mln v 128.4 mln Nine mths Shr 1.77 dlrs v 1.02 dlrs Net 49.0 mln v 27.0 mln Revs 341.7 mln v 269.5 mln Reuter 

Foothill Group Inc stock trading Tuesday New York Stock Exchange symbol "FGI." Foothill's share trade American Stock Exchange. Foothill independent commercial finance company operates subsidiary -- Foothill Capital Copr Foothill Thrift Loan. Reuter 

Shr 40 ct v 75 ct Qtly div 15-1/2 ct v 15-1/2 ct prior Net 11.7 mln v 21.4 mln Revs 447.5 mln v 445.2 mln Nine mths Shr 1.04 dlrs v 1.99 dlrs Net 29.9 mln v 56.8 mln Revs 1.30 billion v 1.28 billion NOTE: Full name Yellow Freight System Inc. Dividend payable November 23 record November 9. Reuter 

Shr 38 ct Net 1.3 mln v 668000 Nine mths Shr 84 ct Net 2892000 v 2200000 NOTE: Company convert stock ownership July Reuter 

Shr 32 ct v 26 ct Net 722000 v 597000 Nine mths Shr 92 ct v 69 ct Net 2100000 v 1500000 NOTE: full name company florida employer insurance co. Reuter 

Shr 61 ct v 55 ct Net 726000 v 669000 Nine mths Shr 1.78 dlrs v 1.63 dlrs Net 2133000 v 1960000 NOTE: Full name First Oak Brook Bancshares Inc Reuter 

Qtr end Sept 30 Shr profit seven ct v loss ct Net profit 228691 v loss 54115 Revs 2415419 v 1389579 Avg shrs 3056787 v 2933058 Reuter 

Gander Mountain Inc shareholder annual meeting approve double authorize common share 10 million five million corporate purposes. The company currently average 2760000 common share outstanding. It report earnings quarter end Sept 30 25 ct share net income 687000 dlrs 19 ct 51400 dlrs 1986 quarter company said. Reuter 

Shr 46 ct v 33 ct Net 2731000 v 1928000 Sales 66.2 mln v 58.8 mln Nine mths Shr seven ct v 61 ct Net 6310000 v 3579000 Sales 171.8 mln v 141.9 mln Reuter 

Bundesbank president Karl Otto Poehl chance exchange rate stability. "The chance exchange rate stability good" told reporters. Reuter 

Shr 37 ct v 41 ct Net 1214000 v 1316000 Nine mths Shr 1.06 dlrs Net 3408000 v 2809000 Assets 204.8 mln v 176.6 mln Deposit 154.0 mln v 131.2 mln Loans 125.3 mln v 100.7 mln NOTE: 1986 nine mths share figure available bank convert stock form June 1986. Reuter 

Gordon Investment Corp> plan offer acquire Pagecorp Inc's class A Class B share 9.25 dlrs cash share. The bid conditional examination Gordon affair Pagecorp 45 day end December 3 1987. The propose offer condition ainimum share tender Gordon said. It minimum be. Meanwhile Pagecorp agree grant Gordon option purchaser 900000 class A share 9.25 dlrs share exercisable Gordon make acquisition bid December 4 1987 third party begin takeover December 31 1987. Pagecorp Class B shareholder agree deposit class B share Gordon proceeds offer. Reuter 

Shr profit seven ct v loss 1.77 dlrs Net profit 446000 v loss 9370000 Revs 15.0 mln v 13.3 mln Six mths Shr profit eight ct v loss 1.87 dlrs Net profit 523000 v loss 9883000 Revs 27.1 mln v 27.1 mln Avg shrs 5324464 v 5324350 Note: Trillium Telephone Systems Inc Reuter 

Shr loss 39 ct v profit 19 ct Net loss 433424 v profit 216117 Revs 6469001 v 8221549 Reuter 

The Brazilian Coffee Institute (IBC) shipper close Thursday submit detail past export performance individual quota allocate IBC spokesman said. He told Reuters IBC President Jorio Dauster confirm acceptance National Coffee Policy Council (CNPC) proposal establish individual export quota base 65 pct export performance 25 pct stock 10 pct auction. Shippers choose period 12 consecutive month April 1 1985 September 30 1987 calculate export performace portion. The IBC total figure calculate shipper participation basis allocation individual quota IBC spokesman said. He IBC already settle Sao Paulo Mercantile Exchange auction operate. Shippers bid premium contribution quota payable coffee export succesful bidder add premium contribution quota submits export sale declaration form. Auctions start opening export registrations. The spokesman trade source announcement week opening registraions Monday. A meeting tomorrow Brasilia CNPC's export marketing committee establish allocate 25 pct export quota base stock level spokesman added. A individual export quota reestablish Brazil - previous abandon 1985 - ensure shipment kept line country's ICO quota. Reuter 

Honeywell Inc board director elect president Dr James Renier 57 chief executive officer succeed Edson Spencer continue chairman board. Reuter 

Shr 55 ct v 75 ct Net 218000 v 269000 Nine mths Shr 2.15 dlrs v 3.45 dlrs Net 855000 v 920000 Assets 175.8 mln v 166.9 mln Deposits 159.8 mln v 154.3 mln Loans 155.7 mln v 142.6 mln NOTE: 1987 nine mths include gain 96000 dlrs 24 ct share utilization operating loss carryforward. 1986 qtr nine mths include gain 128000 dlrs 36 ct share 445000 dlrs 1.67 dlrs share utilization operation loss carryforward. Reuter 

Period end September 26 Shr 28 ct v 14 ct Net 3300000 v 1300000 Sales 24.7 mln v 11.2 mln Avg shrs 11871751 v 9398952 Nine mths Shr 76 ct v 35 ct Net 9000000 v 3200000 Sales 69.3 mln v 32.0 mln Avg shrs 11833883 v 9059692 Reuter 

Shr 77 ct v nil Net 417000 v 1000 Nine mths Shr 2.39 dlrs v 84 ct Net 1298000 v 443000 Assets 290.7 mln v 296.6 mln NOTE: full name company federal saving loan association rockies. Reuter 

Shr 19 ct v 38 ct Net 397000 v 788000 Nine mths Shr 80 ct v 1.19 dlrs Net 1674000 v 2455000 Reuter 

The European Community's farmers' pressure Copa urge EC farm minister agree tax vegetable protein similar oil marine fat tax already propose EC Commission. Copa president Hans Kjeldsen told news conference Tuesday urge minister seek similar mechanism cereal substitutes. He speak meeting farm leader Danish foreign agriculture minister currently chair meeting EC colleagues. Kjeldsen tax product concerned EC's budget problem provide price stability producers. This turn market position crop EC net importer oilseed pea bean Commission propose severe output restrictions. A minority EC minister oppose oil fat tax import domestically produce oil marine fat succeed block idea year's annual EC price fixing. However EC Commission maintains proposal tax. Kjeldsen Copa urge minister pursue international negotiation farm trade aim bridging gap EC prices. Reuter 

Allied Irish Banks Plc ALBK.L> plan Tokyo office. Initially representative office company hope full banking licence years. REUTER 

Shr 60 ct v 57 ct Net 103.7 mln v 96.5 mln Revs 472.5 mln v 434.1 mln Avg shrs 152.3 mln v 147.0 mln 12 mths Shr 2.60 dlrs v 2.44 dlrs Net 393.1 mln v 347.1 mln Revs 1.79 billion v 1.76 billion Avg shrs 150.9 mln v 142.2 mln Reuter 

Oper shr 71 ct v 78 ct Oper net 42.9 mln v 46.6 mln Revs 294.0 mln v 274.9 mln Avg shrs 55.5 mln v 54.0 mln Nine mths Oper shr 2.88 dlrs v 3.07 dlrs Oper net 169.2 mln v 181.5 mln Revs 993.4 mln v 961.4 mln Avg shrs 55.2 mln v 54.0 mln 12 mths Oper shr 3.67 dlrs v 3.76 dlrs Oper net 216.2 mln v 224.4 mln Revs 1.31 billion v 1.26 billion Avg shrs 54.9 mln v 53.9 mln NOTE: 1987 nine month 12 month operating net excludes charge 269 mln dlrs 25 mln dlrs reflect disallowed cost utility's 18 pct share Nine Mile Point Number nuclear plant abandon Jamesport nuclear project respectively. The charge result nine month share loss 2.44 dlrs 12 month share loss 1.68 dlrs. Reuter 

Shr profit 3.64 dlrs v profit 1.64 dlrs Net profit 541 mln v profit 247 mln Nine mths Shr loss 13.30 dlrs v profit 5.11 dlrs Net loss 1.78 billion v profit 752 mln NOTE: Net nine mths 1987 v 1986 include provision credit loss 4.19 billion v 1.32 billion. Net qtr 1987 v 1986 include provision crit loss 320 mln v 431 mln. Assets 200 billion v 186 billion Loans 129.3 billion v 122.3 billion Deposits 118.1 billion v 111.0 billion 3rd qtr 1987 reflect previously announce aftertax gain 163 mln recognition pension plan funding 139 mln tax benefit billion provision. Net write offs qtr 1987 v 1986 total 338 mln v 342 mln date 1987 v 1986 1.06 billion v 988 mln. Reuter 

Sparebanken Rogaland Norwegian saving bank 200 mln dlr euro-certificate deposit First Interstate Bank California arranger. Dealers First Interstate First Chicago Ltd Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Manufacturers Hanover Ltd. First Chicago issue pay agent. REUTER 

Shr 42 ct v 34 ct Net 2945000 v 2400000 Sales 146.8 mln v 117.2 mln Nine mths Shr 2.45 dlrs v 2.35 dlrs Net 17280000 v 16366000 Sales 465.6 mln v 387.8 mln Avg shrs 7046000 v 6961000 NOTE: 1986 data restate change method accounting pension Reuter 

Minneapolis investor Irwin Jacobs sell stake held Gillette Co GS> decide force Gillette accept 47 dlr share takeover bid Revlon Group Inc REV>. Revlon's bid expire week repeatedly reject Gillette. Jacobs earlier consider wag proxy fight Gillette. Jacobs told Reuters sell Gillette stake call "substantial" five pct week ago period days. He sell stock profit disclose sell price. Gillette's stock 24-1/8 1/8 morning trade 45-7/8 reach Revlon announce bid. Jacobs sell Gillette stake base "investment decision. I surely happening" Monday's stock market free-fall. A Gillette spokesman mpany comment. Jacobs fellow investor Carl Pohlad continue hold stake Allegheny International Inc AG>. In August disclose Securities Exchange Commission filing acquire 854900 share 7.9 pct Allegheny consideer seek control company. Reuter 

Transamerica Corp's Transamerica Insurance Co sign definitive pact buy 51 pct Sedgwick Group PLC's River Thames Insurance Co. Transamerica buy 11 mln newly issue Class A share River Thames 2.23 dlrs share. Sedgwick wil retain 49 pct River Thames property liability reinsurer. The agreement subject shareholder approval expect close company said. In 1986 River Thames report net premium write 36 mln dlrs. Reuter 

Shr 16 ct v 17 ct Net 988000 v 1005000 Revs 19.7 mln v 16.4 mln Avg shrs 6206487 v 5959028 Six Mths Shr 31 ct v 28 ct Net 1884000 v 1662000 Revs 37.5 mln v 30.8 mln Avg shrs 6168105 v 5950842 Reuter 

Shr 30 ct v 73 ct Net 3992000 v 852600 Nine Mths Shr 1.72 dlrs v 1.74 dlrs Net 22110000 v 20379000 Avg shrs 13459000 v 11740000 Note: Prior nine month figure include extraordinary after-tax loss 10.9 mln dlrs 93 ct share. Reuter 

The American Stock Exchange market volatility result inaccurate price quotation vendor price machines. The Exchange volatility result digit delete vendor machines. Reuter 

The Kansas City Board Trade halt trading Value Line stock index futures. The exchange move follow halt trading future futures-options option exchange underlie stock index stop trading. The exchange trading resume pending action exchanges. Reuter 

Oakwood Homes Corp begin stock repurchase purchase 400000 share seven pct common stock. Oakwood purchase condition permit market privately negotiate transactions. Reuter 

Audio/Video Affiliates Inc authorize purchase 2.5 mln share common stock market transaction time. The company purchase authorize believe market price stock underlie value. Audio/Video fund company purchase share share held company's treasury future use. Reuter 

Global Petroleum Corp raise contract price heavy fuel oil 25 ct dlr barrel effective today. The company 0.3 pct fuel oil dlr barrel 22.25 dlrs barrel. They 0.5 pct fuel oil 50 ct 21.95 dlrs barrel. Global raise pct fuel oil 35 ct 20.25 dlrs barrel. The company raise 2.2 pct fuel 25 ct 19.50 dlrs barrel. Global raise 2.5 pct fuel oil 45 ct 19.45 dlrs barrel. Reuter 

Shr 17 ct v 15 ct Net 565000 v 502000 Revs 20.0 mln v 14.5 mln Note: Current qtr figure include tax loss carryforward credit 194000 dlrs v credit 197000 dlrs. Reuter 

Donald Regan President Reagan's former chief staff government loosen money supply try keep rate try reduce federal budget trade deficit avoid recession. "I try preserve economy" one-time chairman Merrill Lynch Co Inc MER> interview ABC television network. "We've loosen money we've keep rate down. We can't afford up. That mean we're twin deficit budget deficit trade deficit" Regan said. "I certainly wouldn't tighten money particular moment" Regan prospect recession follow Monday's price drop Wall Street. "I they'd create condition '29...They choked money supply happened? We major recession. I that's we've avoid now." Regan call government impose restriction trading. "I that's exacerbate exaggerated decline I it's stop" said. Reuter 

USX Corp authorize repurchase 20 mln share common stock. "This action study consideration announce financial restructuring earlier year" chairman David Roderick. "It reflect strong financial position corporation enables advantage current market conditions" said. The company timing repurchase dictate market conditions. Reuter 

The Canadian unit General Motors Corp union represent 40000 worker remain apart local issue contract talk day threaten strike union spokesman said. The deepest division appear General Motors Canada Ltd Canadian Auto Workers local represent 17000 worker assembly plant Oshawa Ontario union spokesman Wendy Cuthbertson said. "Local 222 mile apart" Cuthbertson. The local assembles full-size pick-up truck Buick Regal Pontiac 6000. Local issue include shift schedule transfer work condition union president Bob White said. The union threaten strike 1000 hr EDT (1400 gmt) Thursday unless reach tentative settlement automaker then. Bargaining schedule continue late Tuesday effort avert walkout Cuthbertson. On Monday union accepted economic offer GM Canada largely match pay-and-benefit pattern reach earlier Chrysler Ford Canada. Reuter 

Shr 41 ct v 80 ct Net 40.3 mln v 78.9 mln Nine mths Shr 1.58 dlrs v 2.40 dlrs Net 155.0 mln v 223.3 mln Avg shrs 98353350 v 92967487 Assets 27.48 billion v 27.60 billion Loans 22.75 billion v 19.00 billion Deposits 21.45 billion v 21.31 billion Reuter 

VF Corp increase quarterly cash dividend 21 ct share 18 ct share. The company dividend payable December 18 shareholder record December eight. Reuter 

Shr 50 ct v 37 ct Net 16.1 mln v 9390000 Revs 168.1 mln v 111.3 mln Avg shrs 12.5 mln v 11.6 mln Nine mths Shr 1.31 dlrs v 86 ct Net 16.1 mln v 9390000 Revs 445.8 mln v 244.6 mln Avg shrs 12.4 mln v 10.9 mln Reuter 

Shr 32 ct v Net 1041000 v 43000 Nine mths Shr 1.09 dlrs v Net 3586000 v 764000 NOTE: Company October 1986. Reuter 

Qtlry div 20 ct v 18 ct prior Pay Nov 20 Record Oct 30 Reuter 

Prime Computer Inc periodically repurchase unspecified common stock market. The company 49.1 mln share outstanding. It stock bought period price weakness stock company's restrict stock employee stock purchase plan corporate purposes. Reuter 

Shr profit ct v profit 36 ct Net profit 1800000 v profit 19.2 mln Nine mths Shr profit 1.22 dlrs v loss 44 ct Net 64.7 mln v loss 23.5 mln NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr nine month include profit 2.8 mln dlrs loss 66.7 mln dlrs discontinue operations. Earnings share report payment prefer stock dividend subsidiaries. Reuter 

Phillips Petroleum Corp raise contract price pay grade crude oil 50 ct barrel effective Oct 16. The increase brings company's posting West Texas Intermediate West Texas Sour grade 19.00 dlrs barrel. Phillips change crude oil posting Sept 9. Reuter 

Shr 31 ct v 26 ct Net 3308000 v 1512000 Revs 6467000 v 2590000 Avg shrs 10.7 mln v 5788594 Nine mths Shr 1.32 dlrs v 1.17 dlrs Net 10.2 mln v 3041000 Revs 18.7 mln v 5682000 Avg shrs 10.7 mln v 3780626 Reuter 

Net profit sale Pirelli group's worldwide activity grow 1987 Jacopo Vittorelli chief executive Societe Internationale Pirelli SA PIRI.Z>. Sales rise 17.5 pct 2.75 billion dlrs half 1987 Vittorelli told reporter likely show percentage growth whole. However decline predict likely growth net profit year. It rise 31.7 pct 80.6 mln dlrs six months. In 1986 net profit 141.0 mln dlrs 101.5 mln before. Reuter 

U.S. Healthcare Inc authorize repurchase 10 mln share stock. The company repurchase five mln share end earlier year. Reuter 

The Philadelphia Stock Exchange trading halt 1105 EDT value line composite index option involves 1700 stocks. The exchange add gold silver option index trading Tuesday trading continued over-the-counter stock index option. The halt value line index option accompany index option trading halt major U.S. exchanges. Reuter 

Sterling Software Inc bought 394100 share stock market October 8. "In market full seller we're confident buyer we'll continue purchasing shares" president Sterling Williams said. Reuter 

Travelers Corp repurchase 2.5 mln share ot common stock. The company 100.2 mln share outstanding stock attractive price moment. Reuter 

Aceto Corp board increase authorize share repurchase 500000 share 200000. The share bought market. It bought 185422 share previously authorize 200000 share program. Reuter 

Shr profit five ct v loss ct Net profit 378000 v loss 140000 Revs 4226000 v 1240000 Nine mths Shr loss 38 ct v loss 16 ct Net loss 1088000 v 538000 Revs 10.1 mln v 2963000 NOTE: 1987 nine mths include charge 1827000 dlrs exchange officer director 554000 share junior subordinate stock 443000 share common stock 10-year warrant purchase 250000 share common stock 4.50 dlrs share. Reuter 

Federal Reserve spokesman New York Washington plan news conference today. The spokesman respond rumor financial markets. There speculation Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson cancel trip Washington Fed board hold extraordinary meeting discus cut six pct discount rate. Reuter 

Eaton Vance Corp board authorize repurchase 200000 share common stock privately negotiate market transactions. It 4.3 mln outstanding shares. Reuter 

A share option dealer Svenska Handelsbanken SHBS.ST> office manager lose bank 100 mln crown unauthorised deal bank statement. Handelsbanken loss calculate accord Monday's bourse price carry unauthorised transaction themselves clients. But bank insured event loss affect result bank's treasury department Lars Nyberg. "The bank inspection authority told police informed" Nyberg told Reuters. The affair discover routine check bourse fall past day added. REUTER 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corp chairman Wiliam Seidman stock market decline measurable impact U.S. banks. Seidman attend American Bankers Association annual convention told reporter "We look stock market have direct effects. We see none." Seidman pleased decision Chemical New York Corp CHL> low prime rate. He believe response stock market behavior. "I it's idea" said. Seidman believe economy remain strong rate remain stable. He Federal Reserve Board's announcement stood ready provide liquidity financial effort reassure markets. "In 1929 provide (liquidity) reassure happen again. I fully support it" said. He stock market decline argument allow bank underwrite security stock market expect fluctuate. Reuter 

Shr ct v 36 ct Net 254000 v 2063000 Revs 130.0 mln v 107.8 mln Nine mths Shr 23 ct v 1.16 dlrs Net 1336000 v 6659000 Revs 370.9 mln v 313.7 mln Reuter 

Commerce Undersecretary J. Michael Farren oppose language trade bill Congress limit foreign takeover U.S. companies. "Anything serve chill effect foreign investment cost job economic growth" Farren congressional coittee. House Senate negotiator iron difference trade bill pass chambers. Once negotiator reach agreement bill sent President Reagan signature. Reuter 

Shr 52 ct v 47 ct Net 1935000 v 1495000 Revs 52.7 mln v 43.1 mln Year Shr 83 ct v 1.01 dlrs Net 3775000 v 3221000 Revs 172.7 mln v 105.9 mln NOTE: Share figure payment prefer share dividend include unspecified extraordinary items. Reuter 

Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng ruling GATT panel U.S. trade complaint Japan expect soon influence U.S. stance negotiation Tokyo beef citrus import quotas. The ruling GATT tribunal U.S. demand Japan quota 12 category food item expect year. Lyng optimistic ruling favor U.S. "These quota item principle apply seem bearing question whether quota beef citrus" Lyng told Reuters interview. He repeat U.S. demand Japan lift quota beef citrus March 31 year. The Japanese quota 12 food category United States challenged include item tomato paste cheese specialty fruit juices. U.S. official hop ruling quota issue earlier GATT panel decision delayed illness tribunal's chairman. The U.S. take hardline stance beef citrus quota Tokyo say remain protect Japanese farmers. "We negotiate quota accept quota (on beef citrus). If impose consider illegal action GATT Lyng said. He decline action U.S. April Japan continue resist U.S. demands. Reuter 

Shr 95 ct v 30 ct Net 9139000 v 2894000 Revs 135.6 mln v 118.5 mln Nine mths Shr 2.81 dlrs v 1.95 dlrs Net 27.0 mln v 18.8 mln Revs 406.5 mln v 372.8 mln Reuter 

Shr 99 ct v 77 ct Net 12.7 mln v 9736000 Avg shrs 12.8 mln v 12.7 mln Nine mths Shr 2.67 dlrs v 2.30 dlrs Net 34.0 mln v 29.1 mln NOTE: Net include pretax security gain 16000 dlrs v 228000 dlrs quarter 48000 dlrs v 1673000 dlrs nine mths. Net include loan loss provision 1092000 dlrs v 790000 dlrs quarter 3089000 dlrs v 2584000 dlrs nine mths. Reuter 

Shr 38 ct v Net 8616000 v Revs 209.1 mln v 169.8 mln Nine mths Shr 1.76 dlrs v Net 34.5 mln v Revs 632.0 mln v 551.5 mln NOTE: Year ago share net income available company recapitalized December 28 1986 become reporting entity financial reporting purposes. Reuter 

Monday's international share crash exaggerated reflect economic fundamental Wolfgang Roeller president West German banking association BDB statement. "A comparison (Wall Street crash of) 1929 totally inappropriate" Roeller chief executive Dresdner Bank AG said. The economy grow danger inflation held check. The recent International Monetary Fund World meeting confirm positive forecast global economic development. Therefore rational reason sharp tighten monetary policy nor continued rise rate Roeller said. "This applies particular West Germany" said. As result Roeller expect market calm. They ignore long-term economic factors. International cooperation currency establish Louvre accord strengthen Monday's meeting U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl stand test added. REUTER 

Shr primary 60 ct v 42 ct Shr dilute 57 ct v 41 ct Net 5590000 v 3721000 Revs 103.5 mln v 91.8 mln Nine mths Shr primary 1.55 dlrs v 1.41 dlrs Shr dilute 1.48 dlrs v 1.34 dlrs Net 14.3 mln v 12.7 mln Revs 300.5 mln v 269.3 mln Reuter 

Biosonics Inc Jeffrey S. Wigand resign president chief operating officer director company. The company Wigand announce affiliation healthcare company soon negotiation completed. Reuter 

Shr 38 ct v 28 ct Net 18.6 mln v 14.5 mln Revs 574.2 mln v 493.3 mln Avg shrs 48602000 v 50487000 Nine month Shr 85 ct v 61 ct Net 41.5 mln v 32.8 mln Revs 1.62 billion v 1.40 billion Avg shrs 48622000 v 51670000 NOTE: 1987 result include September acquisiton Denny's Inc. Reuter 

Exovir Inc XOVR.O> board authorize purchase mln dlrs comapny's common stock market transactions. The company base currrent market condition believe stock substantially undervalued. Reuter 

The Canadian unit General Motors Corp union represent 40000 worker remain apart local issue contract talk day threaten strike union spokesman said. The deepest division appear General Motors Canada Ltd Canadian Auto Workers local represent 17000 worker assembly plant Oshawa Ontario union spokesman Wendy Cuthbertson said. "Local 222 mile apart" Cuthbertson. The local assembles full-size pick-up truck Buick Regal Pontiac 6000. Local issue include shift schedule transfer work condition union president Bob White said. The union threaten strike 1000 EDT/1400 GMT Thursday unless reach tentative settlement. Bargaining schedule continue late Tuesday effort avert walkout Cuthbertson. On Monday union accepted economic offer GM Canada largely match pay-and-benefit pattern reach earlier Chrysler Corp C> Ford Motor Co F> units. Reuter 

Shr loss 18 ct v loss 3.61 dlrs Net loss 5600000 v loss 100.2 mln Revs 33.5 mln v 22.3 mln Avg unit 30.9 mln v 27.5 mln Nine mths Shr loss 22 ct v loss 4.20 dlrs Net loss 6800000 v loss 113.6 mln Revs 97.3 mln v 83.4 mln Avg unit 30.0 mln v 26.8 mln NOTE: full name sante fe energy partner l.p. Reuter 

King World Productions Inc market repurchase share October 19. King World total share ultimately bouught depend prevail market condition include interst rate price share diversification opportunities. Reuter 

Shr 66 ct v 61 ct Net 5928000 v 5447000 Revs 126.0 mln v 89.8 mln Avg shrs 8948000 v 8947000 Nine mths Shr 1.96 dlrs v 1.96 dlrs Net 17.5 mln v 16.3 mln Revs 343.9 mln v 286.9 mln Avg shrs 8948000 v 8300000 Reuter 

Ordinary net profit provision loss tax 300 mln v 203 mln Group operating profit loan loss provision 875 mln crown v 986 mln Total assests 132.0 billion crown v 107.6 billion Note - Full company name Den Norske Creditbank NCBO.OL> REUTER 

A firm lead Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity (Pacific) Ltd increase stake Smith International Inc common stock 3997100 share 17.5 pct total outstanding 14.9 pct. In filing Securities Exchange Commission bought 586500 Smith common share October 9 19 7.86 dlrs 9.57 dlrs share. No reason recent purchases. Reuter 

Britain's high court decide International Tin Council (ITC) appeal ITC document court actions. On November 2 House Lords decide extent ITC document whether circulate admissible court evidence. Lawyers work legal tangle left October 1985 collapse tin market hearing likely days. On Wednesday Court Appeal link outstanding ITC case reach single hearing begin January added. The House Lords ruling ITC document refer action Shearson Lehman company London Metal Exchange underlie expect resume mid-1988. The Court Appeal hearing include action broker case broker bank ITC member government tin council. Action take broker seek wind ITC place receivership cover Court Appeal legal schedule. Reuter 

Iran Soviet Union provisionally agree hold talk exchange Iranian crude oil finish Soviet oil product official spokesman Tuesday. Gennady Gerasimov chief Soviet Foreign Ministry's Information Directorate told reporter agreement reach visit Moscow week Iran's Oil Minister Gholamreza Aqazadeh. Gerasimov date talk study possibility Soviet technical assistance Iran's oil industry. REUTER 

Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen touch White House official Tuesday proposal economic summit Congress administration yet receive response. "I'm liberty they're yet" Texas Democrat told American Stock Exchange conference. "They're make minds." Monday's stock market drop provide "additional leverage" meeting White House official congressional leader trade budget issue Bentsen said. Reuter 

The American Soybean Association (ASA) denounce European Community (EC) oilseed policy illegal General Agreement Tariffs Trade threaten unfair trade complaint EC remedy situation. ASA Vice President James Adams told ASA-sponsored Outlook 87 conference: "It file unless EC take drastic immediate steps." "These subsidy blatantly unfair GATT illegal establish zero soybean duty establish 1962" said. The ASA's unfair trade petition EC ask investigation modification EC oilseed policy regime non-discriminatory. The EC 1962 rule EC oilseed import duty-free effort fill oilseed needs. But EC oilseed production risen dramatically then. The EC guarantee oilseed price farmer above market level consider implement controversial oil fat tax. The subsidy "are obvious attempt circumvent zero duty binding make U.S. Farmers mad hell" Adams said. The ASA confident U.S. Congress support trade complaint Adams said. The ASA strongly opposes EC proposal tax vegetable marine oil consume EC consider EC Commission December. U.S. Soybean market share decline 35 pct volume 40 pct value 1982 primarily result EC policy Adams added. Lord Plumb European Parliament President speaker conference EC expand oilseed production 1973 U.S. Halted overseas sale soy products. Reuter 

The United States prepared "pull stops" defend agricultural trade right General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) U.S. Ambassador GATT Michael Samuels said. Those right challenged European Community's (EC) agricultural support policy told conference sponsor American Soybean Association. He reiterate Washington's firm intention retaliate EC go ahead ban import hormone-fed beef issue investigate GATT special committee. The U.S. claim EC directive due effect January 1 threatens cut 100 mln dlrs worth U.S. meat shipment EC. The U.S. oppose EC effort impair U.S. trade via EC oilseed regime support EC oilseed price current market level extend include hotly dispute oil fat tax Samuels said. Reduction trade-distorting agricultural subsidy aim key participant GATT multilateral trade negotiation "is meaningless import barrier continue erected" Samuels said. Samuels call U.S. plan eliminate farm subsidy 2000 propose GATT July "visionary" "very serious." The EC Japan unrealistic. The EC Commission month announce draft proposal farm trade reform expect table GATT formally week. The EC scheme involves emergency measure reduce tension troubled surplus sector cereal cereal substitute dairy sugar. It call reduction farm subsidies. The U.S. Is oppose short-term measure directly link long-term commitment major trade distortion Samuels said. Washington review EC proposal formally submit respond officially then. "We consider relation Punta del Este declaration correct trade problem expand market access" U.S. Ambassador said. The U.S. EC proposal EC ignores U.S. plan table proposal added. The key difference approach U.S. want farm subsidy eliminate EC push reduction farm suppports Samuels said. If EC farm budget protect subsidy freeze little incentive Community correct international trade situation added. Samuels cite animal hormone complaint EC oilseed regime EC regulation concern meat import third country crucial barrier trade U.S. want resolve auspex GATT. Reuter 

Shr 1.46 dlrs v 1.41 dlrs Net 277.5 mln v 268.3 mln Sales 2.13 billion v 2.14 billion Avg shrs 189.8 mln v 189.8 mln Nine mths Shr 3.95 dlrs v 3.78 dlrs Net 750.5 mln v 718.4 mln Sales 6.28 billion v 6.22 billion Avg shrs 189.9 mln v 190.2 mln Reuter 

The United States warn Iran ready retaliate far hostile military action Gulf U.S. warship escort tanker convoy southward Kuwait. U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger U.S. sought far Gulf hostitilies ready deal Iranian response Monday's attack Iranian oil rig. Several hour Pentagon announce U.S. warship begin escort U.S. flag Kuwaiti tanker -- 80000 ton product carrier Ocean City 46000 ton liquify petroleum tanker Gas King -- southward Kuwait. The Defense Department 12th convoy U.S. flag Kuwaiti tanker Gulf 0230 EDT escort U.S. guide missile frigate Ford. It oth U.S. warship area. "It (the convoy) progress uneventfully central Gulf" Pentagon statement said. Asked NBC's "Today" United States prepared major Iran Weinberger "Well prepared I whatever eventuality emerge situation don't look war." REUTER 

The International Coffee Organization (ICO) Executive Board hold meeting November 3/4 export quota re-introduced month. An ICO spokesman session chairmanship Bruno Caron France review market situation operation quotas. On November 5 six exporter make ICO Board Management Promotion Fund review 1987/88 (Oct/Sept) item left 1986/87. On November 2 six nation work consider stock verification Papua New Guinea. Reuter 

Allegis Corp plan repurchase five mln common shares. The company buyback plan establish advantage market conditions. It timing volume repurchase depend market conditions. Reuter 

Guinness Plc GUIN.L> complete sale subsidiary Martin CTN Group Plc> Drummonds Pharmacy Group Plc>. Total consideration 232.6 mln stg subject adjustment final audit expect add 12 mln stg Guinness said. Martins sell Panfida Ltd> Australian investment company Drummonds Macarthy Plc>. Reuter 

Shr 42 ct v 35 ct Net 1540000 v 1289000 Year Shr 1.59 dlrs v 63 ct Net 5849000 v 3980000 NOTE: 1987 excludes 1814000 dlrs tax credits. 1986 4th qtr excludes gain 995000 dlrs 2928000 dlrs respectively tax credits. 1986 share amount caclulted April 15 1986 septebmer 30 date bank's conversion stock ownership. Reuter 

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng United States continue policy subsidize farm export regain lose market global agreement subsidies. In interview Reuters Lyng acknowledge troubled prospect export enhancement (EEP) prove indispensable boost U.S. export U.S. difficulty abandon it. "Yes I'm troubled little bit" said. "There's question longer feed calf cow longer wean it." In recent month USDA offer subsidy grow list commodity increase countries. Lyng call U.S. European Community export subsidy "just plain nonsensical long-term policy" expansion EEP. "I'm sure there's expansion do accomplish goal regain market we've lose keep product competitive particularly European Community convince bad offender term export subsidization prepared continue agreement it" said. Reuter 

Shr 40 ct v 23 ct Net 1173859 v 672824 Revs 11.0 mln v 9857707 Nine mths Shr 1.03 dlrs v 56 ct Net 2986823 v 1637559 Revs 31.5 mln v 27.2 mln Reuter 

Shr 30 ct v 10 ct Net 560000 v 177000 Revs 9700000 v 7700000 Avg shrs 1877203 v 1839752 Nine mths Shr 80 ct v 28 ct Net 1480000 v 524000 Revs 28.3 mln v 22.8 mln Avg shrs 1854478 v 1899769 Reuter 

Holiday Corp unit Holiday Inns Inc start exchange offer 150 mln dlrs outstanding 8-3/8 pct note 1996 75 mln dlrs outstanding 14-1/8 pct note 1992. Holiday Inns issue 1000 dlr principal amount 9-1/8 pct note due 1993 1000 dlr amount 8-3/8s 1000 dlr principal amount 14-1/2 pct note due 1992 1000 dlr amount 14-1/8s. The Holiday unit seek approval amendment indenture outstanding note exchange offers. The exchange offer 1700 EST (2100 GMT) November 17. Reuter 

Shr 35 ct v 32 ct Net 3033000 v 2189000 Revs 56.2 mln v 31.9 mln Avg shrs 8649000 v 6914000 Six mths Shr 63 ct v 72 ct Net 5450000 v 4966000 Revs 108.6 mln v 66.3 mln Avg shrs 8655000 v 6912000 Reuter 

The Soviet oil production target 1988 625 mln tonne rise eight mln tonne year's plan output. Oil Minister Vasily Dinkov announce figure Tuesday Supreme Soviet country's nominal parliament. He development strategy fuller oil deposit housing pay oilman allow upsurge oil industry stagnation late 1983. Last Soviet Union produce 615 mln tonne oil slightly short target 616.7 mln. January-September figure release weekend show Soviet oil output nine month 467 mln tonnes. The 1987 target 617 million. Dinkov Soviet Union develop 38 oil deposit come year. He call speedier geolog prospect across country spur oil industry. The Supreme Soviet convene Monday endorse 1988 budget plan. The session expect Tuesday. REUTER 

H.F. Ahmanson Co parent Home Savings America third quarter earnings decline result decision quarter curtail sale loan mortgage-backed securities. As result after-tax gain sale loan mortgage-backed security account 28 pct third quarter net compare 82 pct year's third quarter. The company report third quarter income 40.3 mln dlrs 41 ct share 78.9 mln dlrs 80 ct share ago. The company third qurter loan sale total 366 mln dlrs inlcuding 290 mln dlrs adjustable rate mortgage instrument generate after-tax gain 11.2 mln dlrs. This compare ago loan sale 2.29 billion dlrs generate after-tax gain 65.1 mln dlrs. Third quarter loan origination total record 3.48 billion dlrs 29 pct frrm 2.69 billion dlrs ago reflect record loan funding reduce loan sales. Ahmanson monthly adjustable rate loan account 85.8 pct real estate loan mortgage-backed security 77.6 pct ago. Reuter 

Shr 32 ct v 35 ct Net 3446000 v 3789000 Revs 220.9 mln v 186.9 mln Nine mths Oper shr 77 ct v 71 ct Oper net 8301000 v 7298000 Revs 634.3 mln v 535.1 mln NOTE: 1987 nine mths net excludes 3510000 dlr charge antitrust litigation. Reuter 

American Fltrona Corp board authorize repurchase 100000 share company's stock employee benefit plan corporate purposes. The company 3690000 share outstanding September 30. American declare regular quarterly dividend 19 ct share payable November 25 shareholder record November 10. Reuter 

Shr 54 ct v 44 ct Net 706111 v 579576 Revs 21.7 mln v 23.2 mln Nine mths Shr 1.26 dlrs v 44 ct Net 1657634 v 582001 Revs 63.1 mln v 68.6 mln NOTE: Full name company Frozen Food Express Industries Inc. Reuter 

Shr loss ct v profit ct Net loss 93574 v profit 100469 Revs 3125532 v 3253239 Nine mths Shr loss ct v profit seven ct Net loss 67184 v profit 179116 Revs 9125965 v 9284055 Reuter 

Empire Carolina Inc plan streamline operation result approximate 20 pct reduction manufacturing management support personnel. The company expect increase production personnel amount people. Reuter 

Qtly div 29 ct v 29 ct prior qtr Pay Dec 7 Record Nov 19 Reuter 

A senior treasury ministry official meeting Group Seven (G-7) finance minister unlikely follow sharp fall stock market world. "I G-7 meeting imminent agreement meeting September Washington remain valid" Antonio Pedone economic adviser Treasury Minister Giuliano Amato interview Italian radio. Reuter 

Telefon AB L M Ericsson ERIC.ST> sell office machinery unit turnover billion crown Norway's Norska Design Funktion A/S>. Ericsson Information Systems unit statement decision reach November Norwegian firm operation. No price deal. EIS manage director Stig Larsson deal allow EIS concentrate voice data communication products. REUTER 

Shr 14 ct v 13 ct Net 2867.000 v 2723000 Revs 18.9 mln v 19.1 mln 1st half Shr 39 ct v 32 ct Net 8139000 v 6709000 Revs 47.3 mln v 44.5 mln NOTE: Affiliate McKesson Corp MCK>. Reuter 

Goodman Fielder Ltd GOOW.S> Australia statement acquire 31 mln ordinary share Ranks Hovis McDougall Plc RHML.L> (RHM) bring stake company 29.9 pct 101 mln ordinary shares. Goodman intention make full bid company contemplate do six month absence material change circumstance Ranks. RHM regard stake build-up hostile move unwelcome term shareholders. Reuter 

Shr 60 ct v 54 ct Net 5726000 v 4623000 Avg shrs 9538260 v 8598198 Nine mths Shr 1.61 dlrs v 1.35 dlrs Net 15.0 mln v 11.5 mln Avg shrs 9277440 v 8486590 Reuter 

Citicorp board authorize repurchase five mln common share two-for-one stock split take effect November 10. The company 158.3 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

U.S. commodity market suffer long-term ill effect Monday's financial turmoil Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said. "I traditionally commodity market move separately equity share I wouldn't long-term effect" Lyng told Reuters interview. Most commodity future price decline Monday sharply largely response plummet stock prices. Many future price rally Tuesday. Reuter 

Shr eight ct v 10 ct Qtly div 30 ct v 30 ct prior Net 204064 v 245931 Nine mths Shr 1.14 dlrs v 52 ct Net 2850042 v 1291047 NOTE: 1987 1986 nine mths include net gain sale asset 2258206 dlrs 90 ct share 459503 dlrs respectively. Dividend payable November 13 shareholder record October 30. Reuter 

Shr 61 ct v 64 ct Net 3430000 v 3091000 Nine mths Shr 1.81 dlrs v 1.73 dlrs Net 10185000 v 8038000 Assets 1.64 billion v 1.45 bilion Deposits 1.27 billion v 1.15 billion Loans 1.03 billion v 838.5 mln Note: 1986 figure restate reflect pool interest transaction Angola State Bank Shipshewana State Bank October 1986 three-for-one stock split Reuter 

Exovir Inc board authorize purchase mln dlrs common stock. The dollar amount represent approximately 120000 share company said. Exovir mln common share outstanding. The company believe stock substantially undervalued. Reuter 

U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson recent dispute United States West Germany economic policy responsible financial turmoil happened. He television interview dispute fan fear breakdown cooperation finance minister major nations. He dispute row happen agree blame lay U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker publicly criticise West Germany have raise key rates. REUTER 

Oper shr 36 ct v 25 ct Oper net 710000 v 5700000 Avg shrs 20.0 mln v 22.8 mln Nine mths Oper shr 1.03 dlrs v 73 ct Oper net 21.3 mln v 15.2 mln Avg shrs 20.7 mln v 20.9 mln NOTE: 1986 net excludes realize capital gain 2300000 dlrs quarter 22.6 mln dlrs nine mths. Reuter 

Shr 14 ct v seven ct Net 348000 v 135000 Revs 6328000 v 4117000 Avg shrs 2558400 v 1884200 Nine mths Shr 29 ct v 20 ct Net 640000 v 313000 Revs 12.0 mln v 8719000 Avg shrs 2226600 v 15896000 Reuter 

Shr 34 ct v 29 ct Net 3188000 v 2731000 Revs 37.2 mln v 25.4 mln Avg shrs 9474000 v 9425000 Year Shr 92 ct v 80 ct Net 8671000 v 7492000 Revs 119.4 mln v 73.6 mln Avg shrs 9450000 v 9410000 Reuter 

The United States appear won transatlantic battle force Bundesbank trim rate European economist said. But add Washington stake test limit Louvre accord global stock market plunging. West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker reaffirm commitment currency stability secret meeting yesterday Frankfurt accord official statement release late Monday. Only 13 hour statement release Bundesbank reduce short-term rate offering bank liquidity fix bid rate 3.80 pct 3.85 pct facility rate offer week. While minister meeting Bundesbank president Karl Otto Poehl central bank add money market liquidity repeatedly signal strong rise tender allocation rate Tuesday. "It's round Americans " Richard Reid senior European economist broker UBS/Philips Drew London. But Reid add "We shouldn't forget take big stock market crash decade West Germans cut security repurchase rate 0.05 percentage point." Over weekend criticism Baker earlier tighten West German monetary policy lead sharp dollar fall fuel speculation Louvre accord longer valid. Six lead industrial nation agree February's Louvre Accord stabilise currency coordinate monetary policies. It reaffirm Group Seven - US Japan West Germany Britain France Italy Canada. The Frankfurt meeting Monday soothe currency market dollar gain pfennig hour trading New York. At Frankfurt fix Tuesday dollar quote 1.7918 mark compare 1.7740 Monday. Guenther Aschoff chief economist Deutsche Genossenschaftbank Frankfurt massive decline stock market main reason fall West German short-term rate Tuesday. "The Bundesbank want marker stock market losses... That responsible fit Baker's wish better" said. No central bank want rate rise Bundesbank force rate follow rise U.S. Aschoff said. Poehl told conference Frankfurt Tuesday central bank high capital market rate global rate increase cause concern. Giles Keating economist Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd London "The cautious Bundesbank beaten retreat Baker won battle...But hasn't won security repurchase rate 20 point high IMF meeting month Washington." Before IMF meeting Louvre Accord reaffirm Bundesbank offering money market liquidity 3.60 pct Keating noted. Economists United States appear agree play rule Louvre Accord support dollar return German action rates. Any far sharp decline dollar hinder Washington's effort reduce trade deficit Stoltenberg told news conference Tuesday. He add rule central bank lead industrial country intervene exchange market defend dollar's value. Deutsche Genossenschaftbank's Aschoff stress West Germany's heavy dependence export currency stability. In addition U.S. And West German central bank keen avoid dollar slide force spend vast sum intervene support dollar. REUTER 

The government begin judicial proceeding expropriate five private bank recent nationalisation law official gazette said. Advisories publish official daily El Peruano Economy Ministry begin court proceeding expropriate stock Banco de Lima Banco Latino Banco Mercantil Banco de Desarrollo de la Construccion Banco Financiero. The owner 10 private bank include law resist expropriation riot police week install administrator bank take over. Reuter 

Shr 13 ct v nine ct Net 2062000 v 1418000 Revs 33.1 mln v 26.9 mln Nine mths Shr 45 ct v 33 ct Net 7053000 v 5156000 Revs 95.5 mln v 75.7 mln NOTE: Share adjust stock dividends. Reuter 

Centuri Inc intend buy mln share common stock. The company approximately 16 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

No major member firm New York Stock Exchange report financial difficulty NYSE vice president Richard Torrenzano said. He difficulty report market fell 500 point yesterday encounter firm H.B. Shaine Co Inc Grand Rapids Mich. cease operations. "Our system do extremely well" told reporters. He NYSE executive confer senior staff White House official Federal Reserve Securities Exchange Commission major Exchanges. He identify officials. In effort reduce volatility market NYSE temporarily suspend trading New York Futures Exchange. The NYFE reopen 1315 EDT. The NYSE reason suspension follow action exchange future traded. Traders express concern far volatility cause future threaten financial health Wall Street firms. Reuter 

RJR Nabisco Inc name Robert J. Carbonell post vice chairman Edward J. Robinson newly-created position executive vice president finance. Carbonell senior executive vice president chief administrative officer RJR Nabisco responsible corporate technology human resource planning activity company said. Robinson formerly senior vice president finance chief financial officer retain latter title position company said. Reuter 

Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd share quote NASDAQ market system. The company share previously quote Nasdaq market list. Reuter 

Shr profit 14 ct v profit ct Net profit 502251 v profit 22012 Sales 4715846 v 3731900 Avg shrs 3489342 v 3288720 Nine mths Shr profit 19 ct v loss 20 ct Net profit 637305 v loss 658398 Sales 12.2 mln v 9806301 Avg shrs 3439065 v 3288720 Backlog 1726150 v 739540 Reuter 

Texaco Inc chairman Alfred DeCrane company anticipates Texas State Supreme Court agree hear 10.3 billion dlr legal battle Pennzoil Co PZL> ownership Getty Oil. "We expect Texas Supreme Court hear heed voice impartial third party ultimately reverse unjust decision provide simple basic justice Texaco along" DeCrane speech meeting International Association Drilling Contractors. DeCrane expect Texas State Supreme Court overturn State Appeals Court ruling found Texaco unlawfully interfere Pennzoil's 1984 plan acquire Getty Oil. "This quarrel companies" DeCrane said. "It present broader threat economic justice America today." Settlement talk oil company resolve billion dlr lawsuit reportedly stall earlier U.S. Securities Exchange Commission file friend court brief support Texaco. The agency claimed Pennzoil violate SEC rule 10B-13 prohibits purchase share privately tender offer outstanding. DeCrane concern express 19 attorney legal proceeding favor Texaco's position. "The bottom line SEC intervene insure rule interpret properly million private stockholder country themselves victim manipulation" DeCrane told oilmen. He warn appeal court judgment upheld Pennzoil's favor "send business flee Texas droves." Texaco file protection Chapter 11 U.S. bankruptcy code April appeal court upheld Pennzoil's 10.3 billion dlr judgment. Texaco's appeal decision Texas State Supreme Court pending week court expect decide soon whether agree review low court ruling. If Texas State Supreme Court hear Texaco U.S. Supreme Court. Reuter 

Bally Manufacturing Corp repurchase 25 mln dlrs worth common stock market privately negotiate transaction Company official reach immediately comment reason adopt repurchase plan. Bally's stock 12-1/8 point afternoon trade follow slide 5-5/8 point Monday. Reuter 

Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc repurchase mln common share pct total common share outstanding fully dilute basis. The company recent decline market price share present attractive investment opportunity repurchase enhance shareholder value. The share repurchase market base market condition company said. Reuter 

The European Community (EC) agree trade deal Argentina design compensate country follow entry Spain Portugal EC official said. Under deal agree EC foreign minister Argentina gain additional trading right series product include meat fish cereal by-products. But minister fail agree trade deal Canada Japan due study official said. The deal Argentina agree majority EC West Germany withdrew objection increase quota Argentina high-quality beef. Ireland France continued oppose deal meat say main dispute sale cereal substitute outvote official said. Under deal Argentina benefit improve quota export beef EC. In particular quota high-quality Hilton beef raise 4500 tonne 34300 tonne quota frozen boneless beef increase 3000 tonne 53000 tonnes. Argentina benefit additional quota 5000 tonne frozen hake fillet 10 pct duty reduce levy 550000 tonne wheat bran official said. The improve trade term offer Argentina Spain Portugal's entry EC affected export cereal substitute countries. They negotiate rule GATT (General Agreement Tariffs Trade). But official minister unable resolve Canadian claim sale fish Spain affected country's EC membership. Officials EC GATT arbitrate fish dispute Canada. Ministers decide continue talk Japan. The EC claim Spain Portugal's entry improve trade condition Japan unsatisfied Japanese offer compensation. Japan's main offer improve inspection system citrus fruit aid EC export improve tariff farm produce increase tariff leather footwear offer trade term Spain Portugal. EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq told journalists: "We maintain position (Japanese) concession enough." "We hope improvement" said. Reuter 

Intelogic Trace Inc board authorize repurchase mln 14.9 mln common share market. Reuter 

Best Products Co Inc plan repurchase mln share common stock employee benefit plan corporate purposes. A company spokesman far detail available repurchase plan. He company 27 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

Qtly div 50 ct v 39 ct Pay Jan 20 Record Dec 31 Reuter 

Shr loss five ct v profit six ct Net loss 1.2 mln v profit 1.4 mln Revs 114.9 mln v 109.3 mln Nine month Shr profit dlrs v profit 84 ct Net profit 23.7 mln v profit 19.9 mln Revs 430.9 mln v 435.4 mln NOTE: Results pro forma form. Partnership become March 19 1987. Previous result report Texas Eastern Corp's TET> Petrolane Inc domestic division. Reuter 

The Pacific Stock Exchange halt trading option 30 stock condition market underlie securities. The exchange normally handle trading option 117 stock spokeswoman said. Reuter 

Shr loss 1.31 dlrs v loss 1.80 dlrs Net loss 31.2 mln v loss 42.6 mln Revs 168.5 mln v 147.3 mln Nine mths Shr loss 15 ct v loss 4.32 dlrs Net profit 3.2 mln v loss 101 mln REvs 446.1 mln v 490.7 mln NOTE: All period toher 1987 3rd qtr pro forma. NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr include 10.6 mln dlrs 41 ct share after-tax loss discontinue operation mainly sale asset oil gas exploration production subsidiary September 30. 1987 3rd qtr include extraordinary 11.4 mln dlrs 45 ct share plan redemtion company's 16-1/4 pct subordinate debentures. 1987 nine mths net include loss 56.6 mln dlrs 2.26 dlrs share discontinue operations. 1987 share loss deduct prefer stock dividends. 1987 nine mths net include after-tax gain 44.3 mln dlrs 1.74 dlrs share formation Valero Natural Gas Partners L.P. 1986 3rd qtr include tax loss discontinue operation 31.5 mln dlrs 1.26 dl share. Reuter 

Zweig Fund market's close October 19 asset value 9.67 dlrs share 10.29 dlrs yesterday's selloff 13.7 pct ahead asset value sart 1987. Reuter 

To-Fitness Inc common prefer stock comprise unit company trade separately commence Oct 21 1987. Reuter 

British Aerospace Plc BAEL.L> won 150 mln stg contract supply Switzerland military equipment include 20 Hawk Mk 66 advanced jet trainers. The training logistic package include Rediffusion Plc> Hawk flight simulator BAe spokesman said. The plane Britain deliver Switzerland late 1989. The remain 19 aircraft co-produced BAe Swiss industry final assembly Emmen spokesman said. The Hawks enter service 1990 replace Swiss Air Force's British De Havilland Vampire jets. Reuter 

U.N. Chief Javier Perez de Cuellar propose simultaneous ceasefire inquiry start Iran-Iraq revise peace plan Arab newspaper report Tuesday. The United Arab Emirates daily al-Khaleej publish text nine-point peace plan. The Al-Khaleej text refer ceasefire date D-day stipulate "On D-day date agree impartial body enquire responsibility conflict start work." A choice exist body ad hoc body establish text said. The text envisage set deadline body complete work. Reuter 

Shr 31 ct v 36 ct Net 1156000 v 1358000 Revs 31.2 mln v 28.6 mln Nine mths Shr 1.10 dlrs v 1.20 dlrs Net 4064000 v 4525000 Revs 91.3 mln v 86.4 mln NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr include charge 700000 dlrs 19 ct share relocation cost phase operations. Reuter 

Qtly div 26-1/4 ct v 26-1/4 ct prior qtr Payable December 23 Record November 20 Reuter 

Stanadyne Inc acquire substnatial majority AMBAC S.p.A.'s outstanding stock AIL Corp> successor United Technologies Corp's UTX> Diesel Systems Division undisclosed terms. In addition purchase majority Brescia Italy base company Stanadyne acquire minority AMBAC's U.S. operation headquarter Columbia S.C. Reuter 

Den Norske Creditbank (DNC) NCBO.OL> Norway's big commercial bank boost profit 1987's eight month 32.3 pct vigorously cut loan loss operating costs. The bank show 300 mln crown net profit provision loss tax period end August 31 203 mln crown profit year-ago period said. DNC's big gain see domestic market foreign exchange security unit hit sharply high rate dollar result remain unsatisfactory added. Total asset rise 132 billion crown 107.6 billion. Although group's operating profit drop 875 mln crown compare 986 mln year-ago loss counter reduce aside capital cover loan loss added. "In 1986 DNC substantial provision potential loan loss particularly oil shipping sectors...The write-off sector substantially reduced" bank said. DNC extensive exposure oil industry hard hit plunge crude price year. REUTER 

Shr ct v ct Net 406659 v 210575 Revs 6028263 v 3654810 nine mths Shr 11 ct v seven ct Net 1151988 v 576358 Revs 16.9 mln v 9684002 Avg shrs 10.9 mln v 8632800 Reuter 

Oper shr 16 ct v 34 ct Oper net 4255000 v 9299000 Revs 294.4 mln v 155.7 mln Nine mths Oper shr 1.24 dlrs v 1.06 dlrs Oper net 33.0 mln v 28.8 mln Revs 740.5 mln v 457.5 mln NOTE: 1987 result include restructuring non-recurring charge 89 ct share restructure ChemLawn acquire April 1987 recent acquisitions. Results exclude gain sale discontinue operation 97 mln dlrs 3.60 dlrs share 1987 3rd qtr. Results exclude income discontinue operation 3063000 dlrs 1987 nine mths 503000 dlrs ct 1986 3rd qtr 5804000 dlrs 21 ct 1986 nine mths. Reuter 

United Brands Co expect report substantially improve earnings third quarter year-ago 4300000 dlrs 26 ct share. The company repurchase 695000 common share 28 mln dlrs affiliate Great American Communications Co>. The company authorize repurchase additional 750000 common share market private transaction time. Reuter 

Shr 75 ct v 64 ct Net 11.0 mln v 9379000 Nine mths Shr 44 ct v 1.78 dlrs Net 6411000 v 25.4 mln NOTE: 1987 nine mths net reflect 30 mln dlr addition Latin American loan loss provision. Reuter 

U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson collapse British share price week held implication domestic rates. He television interview "there event past day increase upward pressure (U.K.) rates." Sterling stayed solid crisis back strong economic fundamental 10 pct bank base lending rate analyst said. Lawson's comment follow frantic London's financial center British share close 12.2 pct day. Reuter 

Shr 70 ct v 53 ct Net 17.3 mln v 12.9 mln Revs 336.9 mln v 157.5 mln Six mths Shr 1.34 dlrs v 1.07 dlrs Net 33.0 mln v 26.3 mln Revs 654.7 mln v 310.1 mln Backlog 1.9 billion v 851.8 mln NOTE: Year ago qtr six mths include net charge ct shr represent difference gain sale security write-off nonrecurring costs. In addition six mths 1986 include 2.3 mln dlr gain sale unit mln dlr writedown minority investment. Results qtr six mths current include Loral Systems Group formerly Goodyear Aerospace acquire March 1987. Reuter 

Interpublic Group Companies declare regular quarterly dividend 17 ct share payable December 15 shareholdres record November 27. Reuter 

Shr 75 ct v 67 ct Qtly div 28 ct v 25 ct prior Net 46.8 mln v 39.8 mln Avg shrs 60.3 mln v 57.7 mln Nine mths Shr 1.73 dlrs v 1.95 dlrs Net 108.3 mln v 114.7 mln Avg shrs 59.9 mln v 56.8 mln NOTE: 1987 nine mths net include special 15 mln dlr loan loss provision. 1987 nine mths net include 16.6 mln dlr charge settlement suit. Dividend pay Dec 15 record Nov 30. Reuter 

Bowne Co Inc board authorize repurchase 1000000 share company's common stock market otherwise price deem satisfactory company. The company repurchase share wil Bowne's employee stock option purchase plans. Reuter 

Manufacturers Hanover Corp earn 129.1 mln dlrs third quarter 105.8 mln earlier. Net income common share rise 2.73 dlrs 2.29 dlrs. Manufacturers Hanover raise common shareholders' equity third quarter quarter 347 mln dlrs 2.09 billion dlrs. Included increase 267 mln dlrs sale month 6.9 mln share corporation's common stock 76 mln dlrs retain earnings. Primary capital grow 6.2 billion dlrs 7.92 pct total asset 5.3 billion dlrs 7.07 pct earlier. Provisions loan loss third quarter 111.9 mln dlrs 139.5 mln ago. The reserve loan loss stood 4.78 pct total loan September 1.72 pct earlier. "We place top priority restoration shareholders' equity shortest frame possible" John McGillicuddy chairman chief executive. "The step sell full amount common equity anticipate need replenishment process" McGillicuddy added. "The remainder high core earnings sale undervalue non-strategic asset recognition tax benefits." Taken together move tighter control asset level raise corporation's common equity-to-assets ratio four-pct range 1988. The ratio 2.77 pct September 30. For nine month Manufacturers report net loss 1.16 billion dlrs gain 301.8 mln ago. On per-share basis loss 28.33 dlrs gain 6.42 dlrs. The nine-month result reflect impact previously announce decision quarter boost corporation's loan-loss reserve 1.7 billion dlrs. Without addition net income 263.3 mln dlrs 5.41 share. Net revenue taxable equivalent basis third quarter 494.2 mln dlrs 546.4 mln. Non-interest expense late quarter rise 571.0 mln dlrs 541.8 mln. Total capital September 30 rise 9.5 billion dlrs 8.9 billion. Reuter 

Northrop Corp backlog September 30 stood 4.37 billion dlrs slightly 4.32 billion record yeaer earlier. Northrop report third quarter profit 34.1 mln dlrs 73 ct share compare year-earlier loss 30.5 mln dlrs 65 ct share. The company operating profit quarter total 100.8 mln dlrs compare 17 mln dlr operating loss ago. Sales period climbed 1.46 billion dlrs 1.26 billion Northrop said. Reuter 

Electromedics Inc ELMD.O> shareholder vote approve 5-for-1 reverse stock split. Each five authorize outstanding share ct par value common stock combine share newly authorize five ct par value common stock company said. The company common stock trade NASDAQ symbol ELMDV 30 pct outstanding share common stock exchange stock. Electromedics estimate reverse split reduce share outstanding 45.5 mln 9091882. Electromedics manufacturer marketer technology medical equipment blood conservation. Reuter 

Bear Stearns Co bought specialist book yesterday American Stock Exchange disclose name price. "It deal stock option demonstrates faith auction exchange" Alvin Einbender chief executive officer Bear Stearns. "It's evidence appetite sort there's future marketplace" said. Reuter 

MCA Inc board authorize management buy ten mln share MCA's common stock market private transactions. The company ten mln share 13 pct current outstanding common stock. The share intend corporate purpose MCA said. Reuter 

US West Inc aggressively repurchase shares. In 1984 director authorize repurchase 10 mln share period. Reuter 

Sept 25 Primary shr 31 ct v 22 ct Diluted shr 30 ct v 21 ct Net 5019000 v 3165000 Revs 80.1 mln v 57.2 mln Primary avg shrs 16306000 v 14495000 Diluted avg shrs 17266000 v 15827000 Nine month Primary shr 1.27 dlrs v 1.07 dlrs Diluted shr 1.23 dlrs v 1.03 dlrs Net 20.2 mln v 15.5 mln Revs 244.5 mln v 181.5 mln Primary avg shrs 15875000 v 14495000 Diluted avg shrs 16853000 v 15280000 NOTE: Results pro forma assume company throughout 1986. Company become Feb 14 1986. Reuter 

Oper shr loss 1.23 dlrs v loss 57.50 dlrs Oper net loss 17154000 v loss 26953000 Avg shrs 13914000 v 476000 Nine mths Oper shr loss 12.74 dlrs v loss 76.94 dlrs Oper net loss 63774000 v loss 35207000 Avg shrs 5005000 v 474000 Assets 785.3 mln v 1.27 billion Deposits 625.6 mln v 938.8 mln Loans 565.6 mln v 826.9 mln NOTE: July 17 1987 company complete recapitalization injection 200 mln dlrs cash 150 mln Federal Deposit Insurance Corp 50 mln dlrs raise stock right offering. 1987 qtr nine mths exclude gain 22 mln dlrs realize primarily settlement debt connection recapitalization mln dlr loss investment securities. 1986 qtr nine mths exclude 3.6 mln dlr gain investment securities. 1986 nine mths excludes gain 3.4 mln dlrs sale subsidiary bank 1986 1987 shr avg shrs restate one-for-50 reverse stock split. Number shrs outstanding Sept 30 1987 16744. Reuter 

Redken Laboratories Inc board authorize management repurchase 600000 company's common shares. The repurchase implimented 18 month sooner depend whether share bought market privately negotiate transaction Redken said. The fund cash future cash flow company said. Reuter 

Shr 80 ct v 62 ct Net 11.1 mln v 8545000 Revs 68.6 mln v 41.9 mln Nine mths Shr 1.96 dlrs v 1.88 dlrs Net 26.8 mln 24.1 mln Revs 180.1 mln v 126.3 mln Reuter 

Montenay Power Corp> reach final agreement 15-year-contract operation Dade County Resources Recovery Facility large plant type world. The company Montenay S.A subsidiary Compagnie Generale de Ezux> France. It county commission ratify contract call investment 45 mln dlrs refurbish plant restore original capacity 920000 ton solid waste year. Montenay agreement allows Dade County maintain disposal fee 27 dlrs ton low county involve resource recovery Florida. The company receive 22 dlrs ton refuse process split revenue electricty sell FPL Group Inc's FPL> Florida Power Light Co subsidiary county retain revenue sale ash mineral recycle materials. Montenay contract extends 2002 operation plant 1985 company plant previous owners. Reuter 

Argentina's agriculture secretariat support price grain oilseed official statement said. It support price wheat hike 300 Australs tonne 250 previously sunflowerseed northwestern Argentina 450 Australs 360 previously. It price effect Monday. The secretariat support price sorghum increase 210 Australs tonne 200 Australs previously maize 250 Australs 220 Australs previously. Reuter 

Science Accessories Corp end talk acquire privately-held Owl Electronics Laborarories Inc reach satisfactory terms. Reuter 

Qtly div 25 ct v 25 ct prior Pay Dec One Record Nov 12 Reuter 

Qtly div five ct v five ct prior Pay Nov 20 Record Nov Five Reuter 

McDonnell Douglas sign technical assistance agreement China Great Wall Industries Co Payload Assist Module Chinese Long March series rockets. The company pact serve basis future proposal involve Payload Assist Module China. "This agreement open proceed proposal Chinese government spacecraft customer planning Long March" Daniel Green company's vice president marketing. Reuter 

Qtly div five ct v five ct prior Pay Nov 19 Record Nov Five Reuter 

Shr 57 ct v N/A Net 7222000 v 6959000 Nine mths Shr N/A v N/A Net 17.6 mln v 24.8 mln Assets 2.7 billion v 2.3 billion NOTE: Year-ago shr amts available bank convert stock ownership June 24 1987. 1987 3rd qtr nine mths 2.9 mln 7.4 mln dlrs tax credits. 1986 3rd nine mths 2.1 mln 7.9 mln dlrs tax credits. Reuter 

Qtr end Sept 30 Shr 40 ct v 20 ct Net 797000 v 403000 Sales 30.8 mln v 27.3 mln Reuter 

Re Capital Corp begin stock buy-back program. The company give details. Reuter 

Shr 17 ct v 16 ct Net 1315000 v 1161000 Revs 43.2 mln v 36.5 mln Avg shrs 7916000 v 7490000 Nine mths Shr 50 ct v 51 ct Net 3899000 v 3821000 Revs 123.7 mln 104.6 mln Avg shrs 7808000 v 7491000 Reuter 

Shr 18 ct v 24 ct Net 1175000 v 1528000 Sales 34 mln v 34.6 mln Nine mths Shr 56 ct v 1.12 dlrs Net 3578000 v 7040000 Sales 109.3 mln v 116.6 mln Note: 1986 figure include 508000 dlr gain eight ct share discontinue operation Reuter 

Communications Systems Inc director authorize repurchase 200000 total 5.2 mln common shares. Reuter 

Shr 20 ct v 16 ct Net 5849000 v 4630000 Revs 33.8 mln v 27.1 mln Nine mths Shr 41 ct v 40 ct Net 11.9 mln v 11.5 mln Revs 84.6 mln v 77.2 mln Reuter 

BancTEXAS Group Inc board elect Nathan C. Collins chairman board president chief executive officer replace director act chairman Tom Stanzel Collins formerly executive vice president manager asset/liability management senior credit officer Valley National Bank Arizona Phoenix. Stanzel replace Chairman Vance Miller President CEO Richard Ripley July 17 1987 company complete 200 mln dlr recapitalizaltion plan. Reuter 

Shr 14 ct v 14 ct Net 213000 v 210000 Revs 229 mln v 229 mln Nine month Shr 42 ct v 42 ct Net 630000 v 628000 Revs 689000 v 689000 NOTE: Full name Pittsburgh West Virginia Railroad. Reuter 

1st qtr end September 26. Shr profit ct v loss 20 ct Net profit 156000 v loss 1816000 Revs 8751000 v 7123000 Reuter 

Qtly div 30 ct v 30 ct prior Pay Dec One Record Nov Six Reuter 

Shr 78 ct v 87 ct Net 159.3 mln v 174.9 mln Revs billion v 1.06 billion Avg shrs 204335958 v 200471561 Nine month Shr 2.18 dlrs v 2.36 dlrs Net 443 mln v 469.6 mln Revs 3.2 billion v 3.4 billion Avg shrs 203375222 v 199108842 12 month Shr 1.73 dlrs v 2.44 dlrs Net 351.9 mln v 481.5 mln Revs 4.3 billion v 4.5 billion Avg shrs 202900311 v 197320979 NOTE: Full name Public Service Enterprise Group Inc All result reflect three-for-two stock split effective July 1 1987. Reuter 

Many Florida investor see -- live Crash '29 Monday's stock market debacle some. "I don't sell" declare elderly investor mln dlrs stocks. "Whatever go bound up." The uniqueness south Florida investor easy brokerage office Miami average age crowd watch Big Board quotation flash Tuesday retirement beyond. "I don't demographic study certainly high elderly active investors" Marshall Moore vice president AmeriFirst Securities Corporation Miami. He worry Monday's record loss 500 point New York Stock Exchange scare particularly fix income market forever. "They stock longer" said. "When start get heart palpitation sweaty palm stay except maybe utility income-oriented issues." Across Gulf coast heavy concentration retire person Robert Lee Investment Management Research Incorporated "a lot serious loss there." Retirees account 90 cent firm's comfort professional manager money market month. "But buying recent upswing devastating" said. Miami Beach broker George Fox whose client 60 worry take situation seriously enough. Those depend market earnings lot concerned said. "I be scar I serious." One 93-year-old investor market bound fall sharply "I didn't happen soon." She remember '29 remain stingy result. "I hard spend money." Reuter 

E.F. Hutton Group Inc President chief executive officer Robert Rittereiser statement firm have operating financial difficulty despite volatility financial markets. Reuter 

Borden Inc plan issue 250 mln dlrs long-term debt security capitalize sharply low rates. Proceeds primarily refinance exist commercial paper. The company offering long-term debt addition previously announce offering master limited partnership relate Borden's basic chemical plastic operations. Reuter 

Qtly div five ct v five ct prior Pay Nov 19 Record Nov Five Reuter 

Ford Motor Co Chairman Donald Petersen expect slightly 15 mln U.S.-made car truck sell domestically 1987 told reporters. This 16.1 mln U.S. built vehicle sell domestically added. Despite sell-off stock market Petersen underlie fundamental private sector U.S. economy remain strong calendar 1988 vehicle sale equal 1987 total. Petersen explain nor predict stock market activity. But call government official seriously address long-term problem trade budget deficit state dollar strong relative major currencies. For example dollar 120 yen currently instead level below 144 yen. Petersen Ford plan spend substantially five 15.9 billion dlrs spent five product upgrade manufacturing operations. In 1986 Ford spent 3.4 billion dlrs upgrade vehicle manufacturing plant noted. He growth free car truck sale 1.8 pct 10 years. Worldwide over-capacity 2.7 mln unit 1985 expand nine mln unit 1990 five mln unit North America Petersen said. Reuter 

Qtly div 10 ct v 10 ct prior Pay Nov Nine Record Nov Two Reuter 

Qtly div 62-1/2 ct v 62-1/2 ct prior Pay Nov 30 Record Nov Nine Reuter 

Chase Manhattan Bank unit Chase Manhattan Corp acquire portfolio approximately 190000 consumer revolve credit account Atlantic Financial Federal ATLF.O>. The portfolio estimate worth 370 mln dlrs. Reuter 

Ecolab Inc expect achieve record fiscal result year. The company recently change fiscal December 31 June 30. Ecolab report earnings continue operation third quarter 4255000 dlrs 16 ct share compare 9299000 dlrs 34 ct year. Results current quarter include charge 89 ct share restructure ChemLawn acquire April recent acquisitions. In end June 30 1987 Ecolab earn 47 mln dlrs 1.76 dlrs share continue operations. Reuter 

E.F. Hutton Group Inc President chief executive officer Robert Rittereiser statement firm have operating financial difficulty despite volatility financial markets. Reuter 

Shr 40 ct v 35 ct Net 3149000 v 2433000 Revs 225.4 mln v 225.9 mln Avg shrs 7800000 v 7157143 Nine mths Shr 91 ct v 63 ct Net 7114000 v 4540000 Revs 747.0 mln v 728.2 mln Avg shrs 7800000 v 6767143 Reuter 

Total Capital Corp> acquire Dunhill Compact Classics Inc> unspecified amount stock. The survive company control Dunhill's principal Total Capital said. Dunhill make compact discs. Reuter 

First Capital Holding Corp board authorize management mln share company's common stock Employee Stock Ownership Plan. The company board previously authorize purchase mln share date plan purchase 100000 shares. Reuter 

Oper shr 40 ct v 47 ct Oper net 2292000 v 2688000 Sales 81.9 mln v 78.9 mln Nine mths Oper shr 1.20 dlrs v 1.40 dlrs Oper net 6842000 v 7978000 Sales 244.7 mln v 234.2 mln NOTE: 1986 net period excludes 2223000 dlr special charge. Reuter 

The Pacific Stock Exchange close half hour 1300 pacific daylight due heavy volume coincide closing U.S. exchanges. The exchange close half hour yesterday trader computer difficulty keep orders. A stock exchange spokeswoman 1145 pdt late estimate volume exchange 9147000 shares. Yesterday exchange trade record volume 17 mln shares. Reuter 

Resorts International Inc file New Jersey Casino Control Commission consolidate hotel related operation Resorts International Casino company's Taj Mahal casino/hotel currently construction. The company plan allow facility operate single casino locate Taj Mahal necessary financial well-being efficiency operation. The company exist casino portion Resorts Casino convert convention exhibition space. The company petition request approval comprehensive service agreement Resorts Trump Hotel Corp> control Donald J. Trump. Under agreement Trump Hotel agrees provide comprehensive range service include marketing management construction development Resorts company said. The company agreement provide non-exclusive license Resorts Trump name trademarkes service mark connection operation marketing Resorts properties. The term agreement call Trump Hotel receive annual service fee 1-3/4 pct Resorts adjust gross revenue 15 pct adjust net income company said. Additionally Trump Hotel receive fee equal pct post July 21 1987 construction cost Taj Mahal company said. The company propose consolidation service agreement unanimously approve committee independent Resorts directors. Reuter 

Viacom Inc Gordon E. Belt resign vice president chief financial officer Viacom Interntional Inc effective Nov 13 1987. The company successor announce shortly. Viacom Belt announce immediate plan resignation. Reuter 

Qtly div 53 ct v 53 ct prior Pay Dec 21 Record Nov 20 Reuter 

Shr 45 ct v 45 ct prior qtr Pay November 20 Record November Reuter 

Shr 32 ct v 32 ct prior qtr Pay December 14 Record November 20 Reuter 

Shr 61 ct v 50 ct Net 8273000 v 6913000 Sales 226.0 mln v 215.9 mln Nine mths Shr 1.60 dlrs v 1.25 dlrs Net 21771000 v 17369000 Sales 688.3 mln v 635.8 mln Reuter 

U.S. West aggressively buying share stock resolution adopt 1984 board authorize repurchase 10 mln shars three-year period. U.S. West 190 mln share outstanding. The company specify share currently repurchasing. "The fundamental company remain strong" U.S. West vice president treasurer Jim Anderson. "We believe U.S. West stock represent value market aggressively buying share stock." Reuter 

Moody's Investors Service Inc downgrade 50 mln dlrs subordinate debenture B-3 B-2 Scott Cable Communications Inc. Moody's cite significant increase leverage reduction coverage result merger Scott Simmons Communications Merger Corp. Scott lack sufficient operating cash flow fund entire expense near term depend bank financing shortfall agency noted. It add B-3 rating recognizes operating efficiency result merger. Reuter 

Sept 30 Shr 27 ct Net 313000 v 323000 Six month Shr 53 ct Net 607000 v 636000 Assets 107.8 mln v 77.1 mln NOTE: Company become Dec 31 1986 Reuter 

Shr loss 39 ct v loss 4.83 dlrs Net 16.3 mln v loss 223.0 mln Revs 47.4 mln v 30.7 mln Nine mths Shr loss 3.37 dlrs v loss 7.30 dlrs Net loss 151.6 mln v loss 340.3 mln Revs 118.9 mln v 161.8 ml NOTE: 1987 qtr include loss 1500000 dlrs mobilization cost associate offshore drilling rigs. 1986 qtr include charge 187 mln dlrs write-down oilfield service equipment offshore drilling rigs. Reuter 

Shr loss eight ct v profit six ct Net loss 669609 v profit 530641 Sales 94.9 mln v 83.9 mln Avg shrs 7934064 v 8220797 Nine mths Shr profit 19 ct v profit 55 ct Net profit 1494218 v profit 4486510 Sales 289.1 mln v 276.6 mln Avg shrs 7930961 v 8208033 Reuter 

Period end Sept 30 Shr 73 ct Net 845000 v 454000 Year Shr 2.45 dlrs Net 2819000 v 2007000 Note: Company March 31 1987. Full name Deerfield Federal Savings Loan Association Reuter 

RJR Nabisco Inc purchase five mln outstanding common shares. The company purchase ongoing market negotiate transactions. It 250.3 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

Graphic Technology Inc board authorize periodic repurchase 100000 share common stock. The company board believe stock undervalue market. Reuter 

Nortek Inc Dixieline Products Inc subsidiary postpone plan initial offering 1.6 mln share class A common stock Nortek cite adverse volatile market condition reason decision. Nortek reconsider offering faovrable market condition return. Reuter 

Shr 69 ct v 39 ct Net 1767000 v 1007000 Sales 32.3 mln v 29.2 mln Six mths Shr 53 ct v 12 ct Net 1348000 v 319000 Sales 62.2 mln v 55.2 mln NOTE: Full name Diamond Crystal Salt Co. Reuter 

Sept 30 Primary shr five ct v eight ct Diluted shr five ct v eight ct Net 100000 v 176000 Revs 4027000 v 3649000 Primary avg shrs 2212281 v 2189000 Diluted avg shrs 2212281 v 2330866 NOTE: 1986 result include tax credit 90000 dlrs Reuter 

Texaco Inc chairman Alfred DeCrane massive stock market correction affect court settlement company's 10.3 billion dlr legal dispute Pennzoil Co PZL>. However DeCrane refuse whether company hold settlement negotiations. "Certainly market shakeout affect handled" DeCrane told reporter follow speech meeting International Association Drilling Contractors. "In environment cash look important." DeCrane decline whether Texaco Pennzoil held recent settlement talk cite confidentiality agreement companies. "A month ago Texaco offer 100 mln dlrs cash string attach appeal Texas Supreme Court" DeCrane said. He refer non-settlement proposal eliminate threat Pennzoil filing lien ownership right Texaco property company file bankruptcy protection April. "I (the offer) look pretty Pennzoil shareholder whose stock trading 30 40." Settlement talk company reportedly broke earlier Pennzoil insist settle billion dlrs. Since Texaco Texas State Supreme Court review 10.3 billion dlr judgment it. DeCrane clear stock market drop spur far consolidation oil patch. "We value there. The market fluctuation change value underlie assets" DeCrane publicly trade U.S. oil companies. Reuter 

C D Commodities major Chicago-based commodity firm have financial problem pull U.S. energy future market excessive volatility accord Dale Dellutri executive consultant. "We financial market volatility" Dellutri said. "Individuals customer get out" added. Reuter 

The Kansas City Commodity Credit Corp office prepare wheat catalogue contain roughly 300 mln bushel schedule release week CCC spokesman said. The catalogue include CCC stock store terminal 50 pct stock store country elevator spokesman said. Hard red winter wheat comprise bulk stock follow spring wheat said. The release date tentative snag catalogue's preparation spokesman said. Reuter 

Alex Brown Sons Inc refocus corporate syndicate desk underwriting straight corporate debt issue emerge company debt collateralize mortgage obligations. Marc Schneebaum director financial management Alex Brown stock market's downturn prompt decision. "Actually irony timing. This (refocusing) discuss time" said. Alex Brown base Baltimore large regional security firms. Reuter 

The Italian treasury's offer 500 mln worth 373-day European Currency Unit (ECU) bill domestic market hugely undersubscribed Bank Italy figure showed. The Bank market operator request assign 127 mln offer Bank Italy take 150 mln. The remain 223 mln unassigned. It ECU-denominated offer Italian treasury short-term paper. Previous ECU-denominated offer medium-term Treasury certificates. The Treasury offer response operator wish diversify portfolios. Gross rate bill mature October 28 1988 9 pct give effective annual net yield 7.88 pct. The bill price par capital reimbursement payment lira determine basis lira-ECU exchange rate October 26 1988. Reuter 

Cascading global stock price evoke grim memory market crash 1929 analyst remind investor safeguard stash saving mattress. But banking security law write depression prevent repeat dismal era protection considered. And analyst caution law deal problem lawmaker can't legislate fear--which help drive New York Stock Exchange record 508-point Dow Jones index loss Monday. That 22.6 percent loss nearly double Oct 29 1929 loss 11.7 percent. On market fell nearly 13 cent. In series Reuters interview government congressional private analyst agree safeguard exist avoid repeat 1929 depression aftermath. Charles Schultze chairman president's Council Economic Advisers Jimmy Carter interview "the safeguard adequate avoid repeat 1929 1933." "The safeguard fine" "The safeguard adequate prevent cascade liquidity failure. That's overall dollar trade deficits." Schultze Brookings Institution think-tank point weak Federal Reserve 1920s "the Fed act wrong 1929--it tighten money." Similarly President Reagan's budget manager James Miller told Reuters safeguard adequate. And millionaire oilman takeover specialist T. Boone Pickens safeguard avoid 1929 situation. "It sophisticated I don't comparison valid." Marvin Kosters director economic policy study conservative American Enterprise Institute think safeguard work. "The main understand Federal Reserve responsibility maintain liquidity economy" said. "There reason (market fall) need spread real economy. Maybe it's happen all." Rex Hardesty huge labor confederation AFL-CIO safeguard work say "only one-third unemployed receive benefits." He call increase 3.35 dlr minimum wage raise 1981. One main appear 1987 1929 market psychology analyst out. During anything go day flapper bathtub gin stock market road rich capture saving shoeshine boy bank presidents. It view highway heaven turn back. But happy day soon collapse nationwide hysterical panic stock market crash wipe paper million lose saving average investor panic in. Brokers leap Wall Street skyscrapers. American bank close "holiday" 1933 depositor clamor pull savings. The depression follow lead World War II. Images day surface unprecedented sell Monday analyst maintain time different. House Banking committee specialist Jake Lewis bank investor fear saving completely back government. Even record bank failure --145 148 today--everyone receive savings--unlike million lose bank collapse 60 ago. Banking deposit uninsured fully insured government 100000 dlrs saver. As depression swept nation President Franklin Roosevelt steer law sweep banking security reform deal problem lead crash hurt afterwards. Reuter 

Refco Inc deny have financial difficulty halt oil future trading John O'Connell assistant vice president research told Reuters. Reuter 

Owens-Illinois Inc subsidiary's 60 dlr share cash tender offer outstanding common share Brockway Inc extend midnight October 30. The offer schedule expire midnight October 21. Owens-Illinois Oct 19 1598789 common share 13 pct outstanding share Brockway tendered. It Brockway prepare response previously announce request additional information Federal Trade Commission Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. The Owens-Illinois subsidiary tender offer September 23 able buy Brockway's common share 10 day follow Owens-Illinois compliance FTC request conditions. Reuter 

Banc One Corp board authorize repurchase 5000000 share common stock. The company currently 98.0 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

West Virginia declare free tuberculosis brucellosis cattle population U.S. Agriculture Department said. It recognize tuberculosis-free disease diagnose five complies uniform method rule state-federal cooperative eradication program. To achieve brucellosis-free status state's cattle population remain uninfected previous 12 months. There 33 plus U.S. Virgin Islands classify free bovine tuberculosis 24 plus Puerto Rico U.S. Virgin Islands eradicate brucellosis. Only 20 U.S. Virgin island eradicate disease noted. Reuter 

The House Budget Committee approve package 23 billion dlrs tax budget cut reduce 1988 budget deficit. The 20-14 party-line vote Democratic-controlled committee sends measure full House House Speaker Jim Wright predict passage week. The package--including 12 billion dlrs tax President Reagan vowed veto--was together committee budget law require 23 billion dlr cut deficit scale 1988 budget deficit. Reuter 

Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc have financial difficulty follow 508 decline New York Stock Exchange Monday. The firm join list Wall Street security company rumor financial strait loss cause yesterday's selloff. Earlier NYSE major membe firm reporting financial trouble. But H.B. Shaine Co Inc Grand Rapids Mich. continue business. Reuter 

Confronted hostility involve U.S. force Gulf U.S. Senate vote Republican stall tactic limit debate measure Congress large role Gulf policy. The measure require President Reagan comply 1973 War Powers Act related Senate bill. The controversial War Powers Act require pullout U.S. force Gulf. The Senate vote 67-28 stop filibuster limit debate 30 hour bipartisan measure require Reagan report Congress Gulf policy 60 day call resolution pass House Senate situation volatile waterway 30 day later. The resolution Gulf-related issue include expression support disapproval Reagan's policy protect 11 Kuwaiti tanker Iran waterway. The Pentagon 12th U.S.-protected convoy move Gulf Tuesday. Reuter 

Litton Industries Inc board authorize increase maximum share repurchase stock buyback 4.5 mln 2.5 mln. The company board initially authorize stock buyback October 1985 mln common share repurchased. Reuter 

FGIC Corp board authorize purchase prevail market price 30 mln dlrs common 12 months. The company Goldman Sachs Co act company's agent share buy back. FGIC 23.7 mln share common currently list outstanding New YOrk STock Exchange. FGIC wholly own subsidiary Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. Reuter 

Shr 41 ct v 39 ct Net 22.3 mln v 20.4 mln Revs 631.1 mln v 644.8 mln Avg shrs 51551000 v 50128000 Nine month Shr 1.16 dlrs v 1.13 dlrs Net 64.3 mln v 59.6 mln Revs 1.90 billion v 2.03 billion Avg shrs 50868000 v 50028000 NOTE: All result reflect five-for-two common stock split payable form stock dividend payable July 10 1987. 1986 result include gain retroactive adoption accounting rule pension Jan 1 1986 2.6 mln 7.7 mln dlrs third quarter nine month period respectively. Company redeem outstanding preference stock 2.35 dlrs convertible series Sept 14 1987. Reuter 

The vice president New York Stock Exchange Richard Torenzano NYSE official hold news conference 1620 EDT/2020 GMT New York Stock Exchange. Torenzano spoke market stag blue chip rally final hour trading. Reuter 

Shr 1.15 dlrs v 1.22 dlrs Net 3301000 v 3466000 Revs 21.2 mln v 20.8 mln Nine Mths Shr 2.38 dlrs v 2.58 dlrs Net 6873000 v 7397000 Revs 51.6 mln v 50.3 mln Reuter 

Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg surprised recent criticism West German economic policy voiced U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker add criticism purely one-sided. Stoltenberg told West German Trade Industry Association (DIHT) meeting Baker Monday "There surprising note criticism (from United States)." He added. "Criticism one-way street." He elaborate Bonn call U.S. To reduce federal budget deficit. Over weekend Baker criticise West German economic policy say rise domestic rate spirit February's Louvre pact stabilise currencies. Stoltenberg told DIHT meeting Monday Baker resolve difference countries. At news conference earlier Tuesday Stoltenberg decline comment specifically Baker's criticism hour discussion Monday "one remark clarified." Reuter 

U.S. military planner rule Iran's Silkworm missile target retaliatory attack mount Monday fear drawn deeply Iran-Iraq defense Middle East expert said. U.S. naval force destroyed offshore oil platform raid administration call "measured appropriate response" Iranian Silkworm missile attack Friday U.S.-flagged tanker Kuwaiti waters. Private analyst generally agree rig onshore economic military target Silkworm launch site reflect careful bid Washington limit political military diplomatic fallout Gulf. "It simply demonstrate United States military action (Iran) military action" Norman Polmar defense analyst author said. He hit platform spar Iran embarrassment casualty soil possibly avoid escalate spiral attack counterattack. In addition minimize risk U.S. force potential embarrassment loss include aircraft shot take attack. Anthony Cordesman author book Iran-Iraq United States apparently chose limited target keep alive possibility U.N. Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar persuade Iran accept Security Council call ceasefire. "We U.N. peace initiative there's chance all" add action clear tougher step follow Iran attack Gulf shipping. In target oil rig -- albeit Pentagon military command post -- Washington sent message willing attack Iran's economic lifeline. Pentagon official platform base Iranian raid shipping low Gulf. "We chosen military target show Iran willing interfere oil-exporting capabilities" Cordesman said. He predict United States respond future major Iranian challenge hit Iran's naval base Bandar Abbas Straits Hormuz follow mining approach Iran's oil export terminal Kharg Island. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger Monday United States seek far confrontation Iran "but prepared meet escalation military action Iran strong countermeasures." Reuter 

Shr loss ct v loss 41 ct Net profit 4134000 v loss 3682000 Revs 22.8 mln v 23.5 mln Nine mths Shr profit 44 ct v loss 1.99 dlrs Net profit 25.6 mln v loss 26.8 mln Revs 73.4 mln v 86.7 mln NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include gain 1374000 dlrs five ct share 10.2 mln dlrs 41 ct share respectively net operating loss carryforward. 1987 qtr nine mths include loss 4850000 dlrs 16 ct share loss 14.6 mln dlrs 58 ct share respectively payment prefer dividends. 1986 qtr nine mths include loss 4850000 dlrs 23 ct share 14.6 mln dlrs 70 ct share respectively payment prefer dividends. Reuter 

Electrical engineering AEG AG AEGG.F> Daimler-Benz AG DAIG.F> majority reorganize energy AEG statement. AEG invest 250 mln mark turbine electrical machinery station plant division include AEG Kanis GmbH> subsidiary. The investment include turbine factory AEG Kanis Essen restructuring AEG's Nuremberg work specialized component rotor factory. The project Daimler group's energy technology strategy AEG said. Reuter 

U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson confidence British financial institution U.S. Equivalents official statement Bank England provide liquidity U.K. Financial system. "Our institution strong position I confidence high country I Bank England...To statement kind" interview Channel Four television. Earlier pledge provide liquidity U.S. Federal Reserve Board chairman Alan Greenspan reassure markets. Lawson Bank England reason provide reassurance. The Bank England earlier decline comment. Analysts Greenspan's pledge Fed stand behind U.S. Financial reassure market current turmoil spill rest economy crisis financial institution caught heavy equity price loss bond price volatility. Reuter 

Alaska Air Group Inc board authorize management repurchase 320000 common share market time. The company current stock price reflect full value. Reuter 

Oper shr 1.22 dlrs v 88 ct Oper net 13.5 mln v 11.7 mln Revs 139.1 mln v 160.5 mln Nine mths Oper shr 2.00 dlrs v 1.15 dlrs Oper net 22.8 mln v 15.4 mln Revs 348.8 mln v 385.9 mln NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr nine mths oper net excludes gain tax loss carryforwards 3067000 dlrs 8548000 dlrs respectively. 1986 3rd qtr nine mths oper net excludes tax carryforward gain 7446000 dlrs 9814000 dlrs respectively. Reuter 

Shr 50 ct v 47 ct Net 2646000 v 2611000 Sale 41.4 mln v 38.7 mln Nine mths Shr 1.13 dlrs v 1.04 dlrs Net 6038000 v 5545000 Sales 117.2 mln v 108.4 mln Reuter 

Welbilt Corp acquire Food Handling Systems Inc> Dallas producer commercial oven conveyer proofer systems. Terms transaction disclosed. Food Handling produce equipment commercial baking industry privately own Richard Shumway Mesa Ariz. Vic Ferrara Dallas whom remain company. The company manufacturing facility Dallas Phoenix. Reuter 

The Pacific Stock Exchange resume trading 17 equity option halt earlier condition underlie securities. At 1044 pdt exchange announce halt trading 30 options. The exchange indicate resume trading remain options. Reuter 

Best Products Co Inc plan repurchase mln share common employee benefit plan corporate purposes. Best 27.1 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

Private exporter report sale 125000 tonne U.S. corn Soviet Union delivery 1987/88 season fifth Long Term Grain Supply Agreement. The department note sale report delivery fifth Agreement October 1 1987. Sales wheat corn USSR delivery fourth agreement total 8182500 tonne -- 4080500 tonne wheat 4102300 tonne corn. In addition sale soybean total 68200 tonne said. Reuter 

Period end August 31. Shr loss 52 ct v profit 16 ct Net loss 4987000 v profit 1570000 Revs 18.0 mln v 24.7 mln Six Mths Shr loss 2.14 dlrs v loss seven ct Net loss 20525000 v loss 557000 Revs 25.6 mln v 30.8 mln Note: Full name De Laurentiis Entertainment Group Inc. Reuter 

The Fur Vault Inc repurchase 3000000 share common stock. The company 13222873 share ot common stock issue outstanding. Reuter 

Shr 27 ct v 17 ct Net 5584000 v 4276000 Revs 97.7 mln v 83.9 mln Nine mths Shr 84 ct v 39 ct Net 17.7 mln v 9848000 Revs 290.8 mln v 241.8 mln Avg shrs 21.1 mln v 25.1 mln Reuter 

Spanish farm minister Carlos Romero speak meeting EC farm minister call action Spanish maize market Spanish diplomatic source said. Spain threaten massive import third country said. They import due result accord EC promise United States import mln tonne maize 300000 tonne sorghum Spain third country year. Around sixth tonnage reduce levy EC cereal management committee decide week authorise Spanish intervention board direct purchases. The source Romero urge EC country import prevent disturbance Spanish market. They threaten withhold support EC Commission plan limit farm output breach mean price cut unless Spain receive help. The source direct reply Romero meeting. Reuter 

Shr 40 ct v eight ct Net 2292000 v 465000 Revs 81.9 mln v 78.9 mln Nine mths Shr 1.20 dlrs v 1.01 dlrs Net 6842000 v 5755000 Revs 244.7 mln v 234.2 mln NOTE: 1986 qtr nine mths include loss 2223000 dlrs 39 ct share unspecified extraordinary item. Reuter 

Shr loss 2.51 dlrs v loss 1.12 dlrs Net loss 104.2 mln v loss 46.4 mln Nine mths Shr loss 5.80 dlrs v loss 52 ct Net loss 240.9 mln v loss 21.7 mln NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include loss 123.6 mln dlrs 286.0 mln dlrs respectively loan-loss allowance provision. 1987 qtr include gain 9.4 mln dlrs tax benefit. Reuter 

Shr 39 ct v 27 ct Net 1713000 v 1207000 Nine Mths Shr 1.13 dlrs v 70 ct Net 4935000 v 4352000 Loans 843.2 mln v 937.2 mln Deposits 954.1 mln v 1.043 billion Assets 1.09 billion v 1.19 billion Reuter 

Outer Continental Shelf oil gas lease sale 97 Beaufort Sea tentatively schedualed January 1988 postpone U.S. Department Interior said. Alan Powers chief Minerals Maanagement Service department delay study effect drilling noise whale migrations. Powers additional noise data sale Alaska's North Slope. A date likely sooner March Powers said. Some 3930 block encompass 21 mln acre involve propose sale. The 160 mile northern coast Alaska Artic Ocean Canadian border 162 degree west longitude. Reuter 

Shr 44 ct v 33 ct Net 1026000 v 769000 Nine mths Shr 1.30 dlrs v 1.06 dlrs Net 3035000 v 2472000 Reuter 

Shr profit 47 ct v loss 38 ct Net profit 4767000 v loss 2623000 Revs 23.7 mln v 3629000 Avg shrs 11242166 v 6895290 Nine Mths Shr profit 89 ct v loss 49 ct Net profit 7726000 v loss 3350000 Revs 38.8 mln v 7172000 Avg shrs 9410497 v 6895290 Reuter 

President Reagan cancel reception Republican presidential candidate Tuesday apparent effort schedule meeting stock market developments. "The postponement accomodate president's schedule today. The president continue follow development stock market" White House said. There speculation Reagan meet Treasury Secretary James Baker Federal Reserve Board chairman Alan Greenspan 4 PM EDT reception take place. Reuter 

Shr profit ct v nil Net profit 403000 v loss 51000 Revs 9609000 v 4495000 Nine mths Shr loss ct v loss ct Net loss 171000 v loss 799000 Revs 17.6 mln v 13.3 mln NOTE: Full name Strathcona Resource Industries Ltd. Reuter 

Shr 13 ct v 12 ct Net 470000 v 311000 Revs 15.8 mln v 8176000 Avg shrs 3723000 v 2512000 Nine mths Shr 36 ct v 43 ct Net 1138000 v 993000 Revs 40.5 mln v 21.9 mln Avg shrs 3199000 v 2283000 NOTE: 1986 include extraordinary credit 160000 six ct shr qtr 1986 511000 22 ct shr nine mths 1986. Reuter 

Shr nine ct v 12 ct Net 336000 v 433000 Revs 4369000 v 3671000 Nine Mths Shr seven ct v 33 ct Net 249000 v 1112000 Revs 12.0 mln v 10.2 mln Reuter 

Shr 17 ct v seven ct Net 16600009 v 653000 Revs 21.0 mln v 20.6 mln Nine mths Shr 34 ct v 12 ct Net 3320000 v 1109000 Revs 60.1 mln v 57.4 mln NOTE: Net include loss discontinue operation 198000 ct shr qtr 1986 1425000 15 ct shr nine mths 1986. Reuter 

ADVO-System Inc 225000 warrant purchase cost 2.3 mln dlrs. It cost private transaction borne Telemundo Group Inc> successor ADVO-System's former parent John Blair Co>. ADVO-system purchase warrant reduces obligation issue common 800000 shares. As result similar move company's average share outstanding computation earnings share fiscal 1988 2.3 mln report end September 30 ADVO-System said. Reuter 

The state-run Ecuadorean State Oil Corporation (CEPE) name Jaime Sanchez Valdivieso manager replace Carlos Romo Leroux CEPE spokesman said. The spokesman told Reuters Sanchez 46-year-old civil engineer formerly head CEPE's administration finance division. Romo Leroux resign week "personal family" reason spokesman said. Reuter 

United Technologies Corp board authorize management discretion buy six mln share company's common stock market. "We take action price stock represent excellent buying opportunity" company statement. The military commercial industrial product company 131.6 mln share outstanding Sept 30. Its share trading 1-3/4 37-1/4 late day. Reuter 

Union Camp Corp board approve repurchase mln share common market privately negotiate transactions. Union Camp borrowing require purchase plan reissue common stock purchased. Union Camp 73.7 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

Brooklyn Union Gas Co contract purchase 60 mln cubic foot natural gas Shell Oil Co Royal Dutch/Shell Group RD> SC> subsidiary. Brooklyn Union long-term contract cover 15 pct total supplies. A spokesman Shell utility agree disclose length contract price gas described competitive market sensitive escalation formula. Brooklyn Union gas Shell Oil replace 25 pct gas previously supply Transco Energy Inc's E> Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp subsidiary. The utility Transcontinental transport gas purchase Shell Oil possibly begin soon November 1. Reuter 

The American Stock Exchange previously report Bear Stearns Co BSC> purchase W. Damm M. Frank Co> specialist unit Amex trading floor. Amex unit trade stock option comparison specialist units. The personel operation remain exchange added. The price disclosed. A specialist unit authorize stock exchange deal agent broker keep stable market particular stocks. Reuter 

Shr 4.41 dlrs v seven ct Qtly div 10 ct v 10 ct prior qtr Net 2955000 v 75000 Sales 72.7 mln v 70.0 mln NOTE: Net include pre-tax gain 78130000 dlrs termination retirement plan salaried employee 875000 dlrs charge reorganization cost Dividend payable November 17 holder record November Reuter 

Shr loss five ct v profit six ct Net loss 1200000 v profit 1400000 Nine mths Shr profit 1.00 dlrs v profit 84 ct Net profit 23.7 mln v profit 19.9 mln NOTE: Year ago result pro forma company create March transfer master limited partnership domestic asset Petrolane Inc's liquefy petroleum gas division. Reuter 

Shr loss 24 ct v loss ct Net loss 874986 v loss 56182 Revs 402855 v available NOTE: The company initial offering March 1987 development stage company sale post 1986. Reuter 

Shr 26 ct v 36 ct Net 6400000 v 8700000 Revs 25.3 mln v 28.2 mln Nine mths Shr 1.04 dlrs v 1.20 dlrs Net 25.3 mln v 29.1 mln Revs 84.6 mln v 91.8 mln NOTE: Company's full name American Capital Management Research Inc. Reuter 

Oct 3 Shr 40 ct v 35 ct Net 3149000 v 2433000 Revs 225.4 mln v 225.9 mln Avg shrs 7800000 v 7157143 Nine month Shr 91 ct v 63 ct Net 7114000 v 4540000 Revs 747 mln v 728.2 mln Avg shrs 7800000 v 6767143 Reuter 

Period end September 30 Shr profit ct v loss ct Net profit 65000 v 292000 Sales 18.1 mln v 16.7 mln Reuter 

General Mills Inc name top management team Eddie Bauer specialty retailing subsidiary effective November Two. It Wayne Bandovinus join specialty retailer men's women's sportswear accessory chairman assume overall leadership. General Mills Michael Luce currently vice president General Merchandise manager Eddie Bauer president reporting Badovinus. David Waters executive vice president General Mills president Specialty Retailing Group serve interim Eddie Bauer past months. Reuter 

Sen. John Heinz R-Pa urge Administration step reduce volatility financial market include suspend trading limit daily trading stock index futures. Heinz margin requirement index future six pct common stock equities. He urge creation task force head former Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker coordinate international credit montary policy major nation stabilize rate low levels. Reuter 

Dinner Bell Foods Inc talk concern propose leveraged buy-out company terminated. A spokesman lead Joseph F. Grimes II director company B. Rober Kill withdrawn proposal acquire company's stock 23.50 dlrs share. The company board determine previously postpone annual meeting held January five. Reuter 

Shr 52 ct v 42 ct Net 41.1 mln v 33.2 mln Sales 1.27 billion v 960.3 mln Avg shrs 79800000 v 78200000 Reuter 

The French government plan cancel Renault's debt strategy return car financial independence provide subsidy industry ministry source said. The plan study week link legislation enable Regie Nationale de Usines Renault RENA.PA> convert limited company said. This legislation ready parliament day source said. Renault's debt cut 40 billion franc December 1986 level 56 billion franc said. Reuter 

Ecuador post trade deficit 71.3 mln dlrs eight month 1987 compare surplus 468.6 mln dlrs period 1986 central bank figure show. Ecuador suspend oil export 55 pct value total export 1986 five month earthquake March shatter country's pipeline. The central bank value export January August 1987 stood 1.132 billion dlrs import 1.204 billion dlrs. Net international monetary reserve decline 57.5 mln dlrs end-September 146.8 mln dlrs end- September 1986. Reuter 

James Robinson III chairman American Express Co letter Tuesday employee confident company's ability endure volatility market. "Financial market experience unprecedented volatility. No predict future. We confident company soundness great 100 billion dlrs asset six billion dlrs equity position continued growth regardless turbulent times" Robinson said. Reuter 

Shr profit ct v loss 58 ct Net profit 18.2 mln v loss 23.9 mln Revs 355.6 mln v 308.2 mln Nine mths Shr loss 81 ct v loss 5.52 dlrs Net profit 10.7 mln v loss 290.3 mln Revs 1.01 billion v 983.3 mln NOTE: Net income share deduction mandatory prefer stock dividend income chemical operation attributable common stockholders. 1987 qtr nine mths include gain eight ct share partial redemption series prefer stock paid net earnings chemical operations. 1986 nine mths include loss 247.7 mln dlrs write-down petroleum service asset restructuring costs. Reuter 

National Healthcare Inc Stephen L. Phelps resign chairman board director effective October 19 pursue interests. In addition Joseph D. Bohr Jr. Anders K. Brag Robert E. Johnstone resign director company said. National Healthcare James T. McAfee Jr. president chief executive officer elect additional post chairman. Robert M. Thornton Jr. executive vice president chief financial officer treasurer elect company director company said. In addition Charles E. Baxter executive vice president secretary William H. Cassels senior vice president Bohr executive vice president resign officer company effective October 19. Phelps Baxter Bohr Cassels agree perform consult service company resignation company said. National provide integrate health care services. Reuter 

Quaker Oats Co resume share repurchase initially authorize September 1985. At mln share buyback approved. Quaker Oats bought 78 pct share suspend 450000 share remain purchased. As Sept 30 quarter company 79.8 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

International Game Technology report profit 900000 dlrs mln dlrs 17 cent 19 cent share fourth quarter end Sept. 30. Subject final audit company post quarterly revenue 21 mln dlrs 23 mln dlrs. For International Game report profit mln dlrs 1.1 mln dlrs 17 ct 19 cent share revenue 82 mln dlrs 84 mln dlrs. The company change accounting procedure remove effect investment Syntech International Inc (SYNE>O) impaired earnings quarters. Reuter 

Moody's Investors Service Inc downgrade 350 mln dlrs debt United Artists Communications Inc United Cable Television Corp UCT>. Under review firm's B-2 convertible subordinate debenture United Cable's B-2 convertible subordinate eurodebentures subordinate debentures. Moody's cite announce agreement merge company company operating United Artists name. Moody's study whether definitive agreement require additional debt change coverage ratio total debt operating cash flow. Reuter 

Johnson Geneva U.S.A.> agree buy Pan Am Corp's 50 pct hold joint venture company Pan Am Pacific Satellite Corp undisclosed terms. Johnson Geneva Pan Am divest owership project corporate restructuring plan continue provide engineering service contract basis. Johnson Geneva buy accomplish Onpraise Ltd> Hong Kong company control Johnson Geneva Chairman Michael Johnson. Funds provide Onpraise increase satellite company's work capita. Reuter 

Burlington Northern Inc plan repurchase five mln share seven pct common stock. The company join buying share wake yesterday's maket decline purchase base market conditions. Burlington operating business perform expect continue generate substantial free cash flow. Reuter 

Shr 24 ct v 13 ct Net 1506000 v 824000 Sales 9045000 v 7845000 Reuter 

Qtly div 53 ct v 53 ct prior Pay December 31 Record November 20 Reuter 

Telex Corp board adopt shareholder right plan allow shareholder purchase common share dlrs hostile acquires 15 pct company. However company plan trigger purchase pursuant 65 dlrs share tender offer commenced October 9 unit TLX Partners control New York financier Asher Edelman. It right distribute basis shareholder October 30 redeem exercisable five cent right. The company right expire February 17 60 day date exercisable. It plan intend protect stockholder attempt unfair advantage recent decline stock price abusive tactic market accumulation interfere ability maximize stockholder value. The right exercisable person acquires 15 pct company's common stock cash tender offer outstanding share 65 dlrs share. It right exercisable company acquire agreement board. A spokeswoman told Reuters company official response Edelman's bid Friday Oct 23. Reuter 

Sphinx Mining Inc lease mining claim Alaska produce revenue 322 mln dlrs 966 mln dlrs gold reserves. The range value reserve attribute wide range grade estimate ore company said. A 1984 feasibility study grade 0.008 ounce cubic yard subsequent exploration prove area higher-grade gravel 0.027 ounces/yard exist Sphinx said. The claim locate 80 mile northwest Fairbanks. Reuter 

Qtrly div 20 ct v 20 ct prior Pay Nov 27 Record Nov Six Reuter 

Qtly div 45 ct v 45 ct prior qtr Pay Nov 30 Record Nov 3 Reuter 

The Bell division Textron Inc TXT> Boeing Co BA> receive 102.0 mln dlr joint contract continue full scale development V-22 Osprey vertical-lift aircraft Navy said. reuter 

Unofficial volume figure New York Stock Exchange show Tuesday's turnover nearly identical 603 mln share trade Monday. Unofficial figure Exchange floor show Dow Jones Industrial Average 115 point 1854. New York Stock Exchange chairman John Phelan vice chairman Donald Stone appear platform overlook NYSE trading floor rang closing bell. Reuter 

The European Airbus consortium ready cooperate U.S. Aerospace McDonnell Douglas Corp future aircraft program point defusion transatlantic dispute subsidy aircraft industry French Transport Ministry Jacques Douffiagues said. He told southern French daily Depeche du Midi interview talk senior U.S. And European Community official London October 27 Airbus question harmonious result. Airbus official week continue talk collaboration McDonnell Doughlas aircraft project include eventual stretch version Airbus A320 short-haul jet collaboration immediate future unlikely. U.S. Manufacturers official charge French British West German government disrupt aviation market unfairly subsidise Airbus allow undercut private U.S. Competitors Europeans respond say U.S. Manufacturers benefit government-funded military contracts. Douffiagus transatlantic cooperation already widespread aircraft construction. Reuter 

American Express Co's AXP> president Louis Gerstner Jr. bear market effect company's long-term strategy. "I don't market go month period period six month period anything strategy" Gerstner told Reuters. "We built strategy company look anticipates lot change" said. Gerstner company's term strategy build maintain major position financial travel service industries. American Express 69 pct parent Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc SHE>. Gerstner comment share market tailspin. However American Express chairman James Robinson statement company endure market turbulence strong position far growth. "All brokerage firm money market go up" Gerstner told Reuters elaborating. Gerstner Shearson plan quit municipal bond activities. "Shearson Lehman Brothers tends adjust trend incremental steps. You do convulsive one-time change industry through" said. Shearson recently laid 150 London limit hire Gerstner American Express remains commit London market have global presence. "That Shearson couple hundred London anthill landscape we're discussing. We discuss long-term strategy" Gerstner said. Earlier American Express sell 13 pct stake Shearson Nippon Life Insurance Co Japan far 18 pct public. Gerstner move "had implication exit financial services." "Our committment globally represent Nippon tie-up dwarf decide reduce size department company subsidiaries" said. Many security firm stress merchant banking bolster earnings hurt bond market volatility slow retail drop underwriting volume. When player risky Gerstner "I can't comment firm Shearson follow feed frenzy direction merchant banking. We overreach." Gerstner spoke securitization repackaging debt marketable securities. "It imperative create security back fund flow LDC (lessor developed countries) debt program. It happen difficult create security current climate" Gerstner said. "Securitized product structure either retail institutional markets" Gerstner said. "If look junk bond phenomenom start mostly institutional buyers. Primarily mutual fund individual buyer become presense market. I'd guess we'd similiar situation LDC debt" said. "The fundamental happen (before sucessful securitization) debt burden country reduce amount money come commerical bank future call money commercial bank reduced" Gerstner said. Reuter 

Shr 72 ct v 36 ct Net 122 mln v 62 mln Revs 1.73 billion v 1.49 billion Avg shrs 157.7 mln v 149.8 mln Nine mths Shr 1.71 dlrs v 1.28 dlrs Net 297 mln v 216 mln Revs 4.98 billion v 4.55 billion NOTE: Net current qtr include non-operating cost 12 mln v income 10 mln qtr 1986. Net nine mths include non operating cost 12 mln nine mths 1987 v income 84 mln nine mths 1986. Prior year's earnings shr average shrs outstanding restate reflect 3-for-2 split become effective May 5 1987. For purpose comparability follow reorganization July 1987 net figure include 1986 report prefer dividends. Reuter 

Mentor Corp board director authorize plan repurchase mln share common stock subject market condition company's financial position. Reuter 

Sept 30 Shr profit 15 ct v loss six ct Net profit 901000 v loss 368000 Assets 1.15 billion v 773.8 mln Reuter 

Amoco Corp raise contract price pay grade crude oil 50 ct barrel effective today. The company increase brings post West Texas Intermediate 19.00 dlrs barrel. West Texas Sour 34 degree API raise 18.10 dlrs. The Light Louisiana Sweet grade increase 50 ct 19.35 dlrs barrel. Amoco Wyoming Southwest Sweet Colorado Western Utah grade oil Black wax yellow wax unchanged. The company change crude oil posting September 28. Reuter 

Olin Corp construction complete 150 mln dlrs chlor/alkali plant own jointly EI du Pont de Nemours Co. The company plant locate Niagara Falls New York begin operation December. The plant 660-ton capacity operate du Pont company said. Reuter 

Periods Sept 26 Shr 31 ct v 24 ct Net 5449000 v 4083000 Sales 60.3 mln v 51.9 mln 39 week Shr 47 ct v 30 ct Net 8249000 v 5147000 Sales 145.0 mln v 108.3 mln Reuter 

Shr Class A loss ct v profit 12 ct Shr Class B loss seven ct v profit eight ct Net loss 94862 v profit 264607 Sales 653246 v 1300515 Nine mths Shr Class A profit five ct v profit 44 ct Shr Class B loss ct v profit 36 ct Net profit 64248 v profit 975329 Sales 2291925 v 4235914 NOTE: Full name Electronic Tele-Communications Inc ETCIA.O> Reuter 

General Host Corp board authorize repurchase mln additional share common. It previous buy authorization 6.5 mln share approve January 1875 September 1987. To date company repurchase six mln share authorization market transactions. General Host 22.5 mln share outstanding. Reuter 

Senior officer major Wall Street firm they've suffer heavy trading loss market's decline stress firm liquid withstand battering. "We certainly lose money trading department yesterday effect give year's profits" Robert E. Linton chairman Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. "But firm shape. We're liquid we're show red ink short time." Rumors collapse major U.S. security firm swept world's financial market U.S. stock market record decline Monday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell record 508 Monday 1738 erase entire gain past year. Tuesday's trading volatile volume 614 mln shares. Stocks mostly low Dow indicator recover 102 point preliminary closing figure 1841. "There kind rumor circulate bear I guess firm have problems" Salomon Inc Chairman John Gutfreund. Reuter 

Shr 63 ct v 50 ct Net 73.8 mln v 62.3 mln Sales 664.2 mln v 600.6 mln Nine mths Shr 2.06 dlrs v 1.67 dlrs Net 241.2 mln v 205.9 mln Sales 2.04 billion v 1.80 billion Avg shrs 117.1 mln v 123.4 mln Reuter 

Syntech International Inc initiate suit Nevada District Court Southland Corp SM> allege breach contract. Syntech complaint alleges Southland fail payment connection purchase 208 Syntech ticket terminals. The company 3.8 mln dlrs past due contract. Reuter 

Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz thanked Reagan administration country's close closed-mouthed cooperation Washington Gulf senior U.S. official said. "The Saudis cooperative. It nice Saudis it's real estate" official named. He decline describe sort Saudis provide say Saudi official reluctant acknowledge role Gulf United States station force protect shipping lanes. The prince met Vice President George Bush Monday U.S. naval force attack offshore Iranian oil platform Washington retaliation Iranian attack ship moor Kuwait fly U.S. flag. Asked start meeting attack prince official visit reply "I believe United States responsibility superpower." The senior U.S. official remark endorsement U.S. attack. Reuter 

Rohr Industries (RHR) repurchase 500000 share distribution employee-benefit plan corporate purposes. Reuter 

Texaco Inc raise contract price pay grade crude oil 50 ct barrel effective October 16. The company increase brings post U.S. benchmark grade West Texas Intermediate 19.00 dlrs barrel. The West Texas Sour Light Louisiana Sweet grade raise 50 ct 18.10 19.35 dlrs barrel respectively. Texaco change crude oil posting September 15. Reuter 

El Salvador tender October 26 approximately 26000 tonne soybean meal value 5.6 mln dlrs 24500 tonne bulk corn value 2.0 mln dlrs PL-480 financing agent country said. It country seek soymeal 48 pct protein minimum 12 pct moisture maximum 3.5 pct maximum crude fiber delivery November 15-30. The U.S. no. 2 yellow corn 14.5 pct moisture maximum delivery November 8-25. Offers soymeal corn due 1530 hr EDT (1930 gmt) Oct 26 remain valid 1000 hr EDT agent said. Reuter 

The Chase Manhattan Bank unit The Chase Manhattan Corp CMB> acquire portfolio 190000 consumer revolve credit account Atlantic Financial Federal ATLF.O> value 370 mln dlrs. The company acquisition make Chase large issuer credit card unsecured consumer credit loans. Outstandings exceed 5.6 billion dlrs company said. The company portfolio access check similar Chase's Advantage Credit product. Reuter 

Commerce Secretary C. William Verity call step coordination major industrialize nation line Venice pact June commit nation coordinate economic policies. Verity speak trade conference Overseas Private Investment Corp. "We improve coodination major industrialize ally trading partner line agree Venice meeting June. He add "we cooperation advanced develop country assure responsibility coordinate local economy commensurate economic resources. reuter 

Shr 36 ct v 35 ct Net 7100000 v 8000000 Net Premiums 61.2 mln v 58.0 mln Avg shrs 19950000 v 22760000 Nine mths Shr 1.03 dlrs v 1.81 dlrs Net 21.3 mln v 37.8 mln Net Premiums 176.3 mln v 141.8 mln Avg shrs 20682000 v 20920000 Reuter 

In joint statement Merrill Lynch Co Inc chairman chief executive William Schreyer chief operating officer Daniel tully despite unprecedented stock market decline confident upturn lie ahead. "In view market expert yesterday's unprecedented stock market decline over-reaction fear high rate inflation low dollar. Indeed examine factor reason believe upturn lie ahead" statement said. The Merrill Lynch executive statement bond rally commodity weaken dollar remain relatively firm suggests central bank act provide additional liquidity. "While far carry-over sell yesterday worry stock decline Japan far pressure market near-term believe central bank cooperation provide fuel recovery stock price revival confidence relecting fundamental values" statement said. Reuter 

TRW Inc select perform fact-finding security survey authority building Kansai International Airport Osaka Japan. The company 340000 dlr contract significant contract issue authority solely American company Japanese partners. The contract call TRW perform study international airport security system behalf Kansai company said. Kansai schedule operational 1993. Reuter 

CerProbe Corp chairman John Tarzell position president chief executive 1988 concentrate long-range planning company semiconductor test field. CerProbe successor Tarzell selected. Reuter 

Reser's Fine Foods Inc director officer currently represent 85 pct company's stock plan Reser's private cash buyout. The company plan offer 12.50 dlrs share 15 pct stock currently outstanding. Reuter 

Shr 32 ct v 40 ct Net 882000 v 1109000 Sales 66.1 mln v 60.3 mln Nine mths Shr 1.13 dlrs v 90 ct Net 3065000 v 2446000 Sales 198.1 mln v 178.5 mln Reuter 

Shr profit five ct v loss nine ct Net profit 21045 v loss 34238 Revs 1156775 v 963890 Six Mths Shr profit 12 ct v loss five ct Net profit 48711 v loss 18300 Revs 2124157 v 2009956 Reuter 

Algeria tender tonight 225000 tonne hard red winter wheat 94.00 dlrs tonne c f balance original tender export bonus U.S. exporter said. Algeria bought 75000 tonne November December shipmet bid USDA reject bid wheat shipment source said. Reuter 

President Reagan meeting afternoon top economic adviser development stock market White House issue statement 1700 EDT. Spokesman Marlin Fitzwater Reagan met White House residence shortly market close Treasury Secretary James Baker Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan Chairman Beryl Sprinkel President's Council Economic Advisers chief staff Howard Baker. Reagan scrubbed reception Republican presidential candidate schedule meeting. Reuter 

Hercules Inc contract award Martin Marietta Corp ML> upgraded solid rocket motor Titan Four launch vehicle double revenue Hercules Aerospace Co unit billion dlrs 1992. "We expect fully confident 1992 billion dlr sale company. The space booster substantial that" Hercules Aerospace E.J. Sheehy told Reuters. Hercules Inc produce specialty chemical engineer polymer sale 2.62 billion dlrs 1986. The company initial unnegotatiated contract development production 15 set solid rocket booster Titan space vehicle expect exceed 500 mln dlrs. Sheehy "It obvious go everyone anticipates substantial production follow-on." He decline specify value future related contracts. Hercules Aerospace spend 100 mln dlrs reach full production level Sheehy said. Hercules Inc money available Hercules' recent 1.49 billion dlr sale 38.5 pct stake Himont Inc HMT> Montedison S.p.A. MONI.MI>. Reuter 

Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar propose impartial inquiry cause Gulf Iran Iraq observe ceasefire diplomatic source Tuesday. His nine-point plan refinement proposal Tehran Baghdad month deliver side week request initial view October 30. The proposal appear counter Iran's earlier offer undeclared cessation hostility inquiry responsibility begun. Iraq insist formal unconditional ceasefire Perez de Cuellar told Security Council return New York September 16. As original proposal revise plan term D-day specific date agree observance ceasefire diplomat said. On specific date agree withdrawal force internationally recognize boundary begin complete agree frame accord account proposals. Reuter 

Chrysler Corp take advantage current market condition accelerate stock repurchase 1984. The automaker 212 mln share outstanding quarter 1987 issue 15 mln additional share connection acquisition American Motors Corp. Chrysler current goal 200 mln common share outstanding. However timetable reach goal Chrysler bought 750000 share month. Chrysler chairman Lee Iacocca "We feel speed considerably." Chrysler share close 27 unchanged yesterday fell six dlrs. Reuter 

The Bank New York Corp BK> reaffirm term offer Irving Bank Corp despite drop Bank New York's share price 30-1/8 Bank New York spokesman said. "The offer stand change offer" Bank New York spokesman said. Irving comment drop market affect position bid whether buy shares. Earlier month Irving reject bid inadequate want retain independence. In late September Bank New York offer 80 dlrs share cash 47.4 pct Irving. For remain 52.6 pct offer exchange 1.9 share share Irving share. At stock purchase portion worth close 80 dlrs share portion worth 53 dlrs share net price 68 dlrs analyst said. According prospectus offer shareholder tender cash share serve basis. Analysts mixed stock price drop affect acquisition. "If get Irving shareholder approve Irving hope offer won't shareholders" Mark Alpert banking analyst Bear Stearns Cos Inc. "And market say deal won't through" Alpert said. "The transaction look highly unlikely complete present. If Irving wouldn't offer 80 dlrs share won't low price" analyst said. The analyst doubt Bank New York afford retain original offer. However industry source uncertain prospect deal. "With Irving's price low Bank New York's offer look Irving shareholders" Michael Flores consultant Bank Earnings International consult firm. The drop Irving's share 44 dlrs share 26 dlr drop begin week increase chance Bank New York succeed Flores said. Analysts drop bank stock price likely depress level merger acquisition banking industry. "Bank takeover likely bank can't stock acquisition share price depressed" Alpert said. Since bank buy bank acquirors foreign bank Alpert said. "In market drop stock acquirors clobber acquirees" analyst said. Reuter 

The Securities Exchange Commission one-day exception rule prohibit company repurchase stock half hour trading allow firm continue stock repurchase close market. An SEC spokesperson told Reuters rule exception cover repurchase today. Analysts widespread stock repurchase firm contribute factor market's rebound yesterday's huge losses. The rule prohibit repurchase final half-hour trading work prevent rapid end-of-day stock price rise cause company's open-market purchase stock trading session spokesperson said. Share repurchase call "a smart corporate equity" SEC staff member refuse identified. Reuter 

Shr profit 15 ct v loss 40 ct Net profit 1538000 v loss 4088000 Revs 70.6 mln v 73.2 mln Nine mths Shr loss eight ct v loss 57 ct Net loss 832000 v loss 5821000 Revs 217.0 mln v 248.4 mln NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include gain 265000 dlrs ct share utilization tax loss carryforward. Reuter 

Shr ct v 20 ct Net 122556 v 2627205 Revs 192.2 mln v 193.3 mln Nine mths Shr 27 ct v 56 ct Net 3556424 v 7531664 Revs 560.6 mln v 542.3 mln Reuter 

New York Stock Exchange chairman John Phelan NYSE continue request member firm refrain use order-delivery system trading record trading volume slows down. He firm free system arbitrage stock-index future underlie stocks. "We continue volatility come" Phelan told news conference. He trading add liquidity market "at extreme add volatility." He far analysis issue needed. Phelan significant corporation begin buying stock move help blue chip gain Monday's losses. Asked record decline Monday unprecedented trading volume affected financial health member firm Phelan "As tell member firm shape." He expect appear Congression hearing Washington week examine question trading. Phelan NYSE official conference financial leader White House chief staff Howard Baker add "the supportive." He NYSE's specialist firm require receive capital. He firm longer have capital problem discus specific figures. Asked stock delayed opening trade exchange keep vast majority 1500 list company trading. Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp affirm debt USX Corp units. Total debt outstanding amount 2.8 billion dlrs. Affirmed USX's BB-plus senior debt BB-minus subordinate debt prefer stock B-plus preference stock unit Marathon Oil Co Texas Oil Gas Corp's BB-plus senior debt . S P cite firm's plan repurchase 20 mln common share have value 400 500 mln dlrs. The repurchase increase firm's debt leverage impair financial flexibility S P said. Reuter 

European Community (EC) agriculture minister give support principle scheme limit spending bloc's controversial farm policy meeting Luxembourg Tuesday Danish minister Laurits Tornaes told journalists. Acceptance scheme farmer suffer price cut production exceed norm know EC jargon stabiliser see diplomat vital EC solve current massive budget crisis. Speaking news conference chair two-day meeting farm minister Tornaes said: "It longer question whether stabilisers. It question implement them." However EC source warn despite Tornaes' optimism difficult sort detailed agreement need stabiliser scheme ahead EC head government meeting Copenhagen December 6. This vital meeting EC leader agree EC financing end bloc's hand-to-mouth existence result unable agree budget 1988. Britain block move EC additional source finance unless detailed stabiliser agree ahead summit. Under stabiliser scheme EC guaranteed price cereal cut percentage cent annual harvest exceed 155 mln tonne figure below EC farmer capable produce favourable weather conditions. Farm minister meet November 16 attempt hammer accord Danish diplomatic source meeting night negotiation. But Tornaes success ultimately gesture retreat stage. EC Commission source remain problem appeal Southern member protection relatively poor farmer call France Netherlands significant change Commission proposal arable crops. They add West Germany appear reluctant accept idea production ceiling level EC member states. Meanwhile minister little progress agree scheme top income poorer farmer direct payment cushion impact stabiliser them. British minister John MacGregor told journalist :"The proposal stand friends." He country fear simply encourage far unwanted production give farmer cash improve production methods. Reuter 

Schering-Plough Corp Chairman Robert P. Luciano intend recommend board regular meeting October 27 quarterly dividend increase five ct 20 pct 30 ct share effective payment November. The company plan resume immediately share repurchase plan expect buy 200 mln dlrs stock. The company suspend share repurchase september 22 study propose dividend increase Schering said. Schering-Plough plan announce June 23 authorize repurchase 4.6 mln share spokesman said. He unable share repurchase prior suspension program. The company expect continue operation generate strong gain rest l988. It Luciano ask board review dividend policy year. The dividend previously increase May 1987 February 1986. Reuter 

An indefinite strike 47000 carworkers Tuesday close Brazilian plant Autolatina company said. Autolatina world's large automaker offer employee pay rise 20.66 pct add worker press 65.9 pct rise. The strike hit operation Autolatina formally existence July 1. The company group Ford Volkswagen Brazil Argentina. A spokesman factory Argentina unaffected. He 9000 company's 55900 employee Brazil work production continuing. Reuter 

shr dilute loss 46 ct net loss 6300000 nine mths shr dilute loss 10.89 dlrs net loss 309100000 NOTE: No comparison company form June 1987 merger RepublicBank Corp Interfirst Corp. Nine mths include previously report provision 325 mln dlrs quarter loss ldc loans. Reuter 

The State Department say U.S. diplomatic mission overseas alert retaliation Iran Monday's attack Iranian oil platform American force Gulf. At Pentagon announce Tuesday U.S. force begin escort Kuwaiti tanker convoy southward Gulf Kuwait. The State Department renew warn Americans travel Iran spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley call "its virulent anti-American policy support terrorism." "The threat Americans increase significantly" announce department reiterate advice January. The department 2600 American citizen live Iran overwhelm majority dual nationalities. Oakley specific warn issue U.S. diplomat Americans living abroad aftermath U.S. attack oil drilling platform "many mission alert." Reuter 

Brazil's September trade surplus total 1.494 billion dlrs compare 1.434 billion dlrs August 540 mln dlrs September Banco Brasil's Foreign Trade Department (Cacex) director Namir Salek news conference. September export 2.694 billion dlrs slightly 2.76 billion dlrs August. Imports September amount 1.2 billion dlrs 1.32 billion dlrs August. Salek accumulate surplus Jan-Sept period 7.857 billion dlrs compare 8.667 billion dlrs similar 1986 period. Coffee account 320 mln dlrs export 222 mln dlrs August 212 mln September 1986 Salek said. The Cacex director expect country's trade surplus average 800 mln dlrs remain month estimate year's overall surplus reach 10.2 billion dlrs 25.6 billion dlrs worth export 15.4 billion dlrs imports. He attribute surplus export manufacture semimanufactured goods. He mention car export account alone sale 617 mln dlrs Jan-Sept period 194 mln dlrs similar 1986 period. Reuter 

Bearings Inc file Securities Exchange Commission registration statement cover 40 mln dlr issue convertible subordinate debenture due 2012. Proceeds fund substantially fund redemption October 26 company's 8-1/2 pct convertible subordinate debenture 2012. Bearings buy convertible debt 105.95 pct 1000 dlr amount plus accrue interest. The company name Merrill Lynch Capital Markets underwriter offering. Reuter 

FPL Group Inc's Florida Power Light Co subsidiary staff Nuclear Regulatory Commission propose 225000 dlr fine utility's Turkey Point nuclear plant base previously identify incidents. At Florida Power NRC issue confirm utility's commitment implement package program design correct problem facility. In letter accompany Florida Power NRC express concern plant management control indicate support utility's initiative effort "should result significant improvement performance site personnel." The violation fine propose occur December 1986 July 1987. Florida Power 30 day pay appeal propose fine said. Reuter 

The Canadian Import Tribunal countervail duty U.S. corn import cut 30 Canadian ct bushel 1.10 dlrs bushel. In report Canadian finance department tribunal duty hurt Canadian farmer food processors. The duty impose revenue department found U.S. corn production subsidized. It government decide whether change duty. Reuter 

As official Washington sought restore investor confidence Monday's Wall Street collapse Treasury Secretary James Baker fire critic claimed help precipitate crisis. Baker's weekend blast West German Bundesbank boost rate signal unravel international accord stabilize currency values. Nigel Lawson British Chancellor Exchequer treasury secretary's statement help spur wave stock sale make already jittery investor clash major economic power damage economy. Lawson told London television interviewer Tuesday "I scale (stock) fall great. That I partly due statement senior figure Atlantic." It dispute happen added. Although Baker appear patch rift hastily-called meeting West German official Monday face storm criticism return United States Tuesday. Baker cut short long-planned trip Scandinavia return deal economic crisis. Said U.S. analyst Baker's weekend remark "His timing worse." One government bond salesman New York "He actually yell Germans threaten smack dollar work. That doesn't show understand international monetary gamesmanship." However analyst West Germany's stubborn march high rate force Baker's hand. "On surface Baker look responsible cause (unsettling financial markets) West German policy" Robert Brusca Nikko Securities International New York. "All Mr. Baker mention obvious make responsible little kill messenger" said. After Monday's talk U.S. West German government clear Louvre currency accord piece together Paris February effect. Wall Street fear collapse agreement prelude hyper-inflation economic malaise similar late 1970s. Analysts believe Monday's Wall Street crash wipe 500 billion dlrs stock values. Treasury source Baker already unhappy Bonn's refusal stimulate economy keep global recovery move angered Bundesbank rate boost destine opposite. He U.S. recovery inch 59th month longer engine global economic expansion. A grow U.S. economy serve huge market debtor country exports. Moreover Baker consummate politician worried Republican party year's presidential election main showpiece -- vibrant economy -- badly tarnished. A rise global rate worsen debt crisis completely choke U.S. economic growth already slow tepid 3.2 pct annual rate. "There's doubt adverse effect economy it's psychology turn quickly else obviously panic feed eventually there'll serious price pay economically" former deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman television interview. In way official response mild. Washington stun sudden Wall Street retreat President Reagan speak admit "puzzled." U.S. government source secretary immediately return Treasury briefed market development presumably political impact. For seem unlikely Baker's status Washington diminish market fall. Asked reporter somebody's roll Wall Street retreat Texas Democratic Senator Lloyd Bentsen irony "Oh I it's late do that...You administration that's take attitude country automatic pilot --- retire living nap. You can't that." Reuter 

Berkey Inc sign long-term agreement distribute Walt Disney Co's DIS> video cassettes. Terms agreement disclosed. The Walt Disney library currently consists 18 movie company said. Reuter 

A firm lead PS Group Inc PSG> increase stake Airlease Ltd depositary unit represent limited partner 700400 unit 15.1 pct total outstanding previous figure approximately 651000 unit 14 pct. In filing Securities Exchange Commission bought 49400 Airlease unit July 16 andf October 15 17.23 dlrs 17.60 dlrs share. No reason recent purchases. Reuter 

Shr 22 ct v 24 ct Net 2794000 v 2993000 Revs 91.4 mln v 66.4 mln Six mths Shr 45 ct v 39 ct Net 5677000 v 5700000 Revs 174.6 mln v 132.8 mln NOTE: 2nd qtr August 31. Per share amount adjust 10 pct stock dividend paid June 1987. Reuter 

Shr 25 ct v 26 ct Net 2200000 v 2100000 Revs 8500000 v 9600000 Nine mths Shr 77 ct v 63 ct Net 6900000 v 4800000 Revs 27.9 million v 25.3 million Reuter 

President Reagan pleased action bank reduce prime lending rate see far decline rates. "I believe market far decline rates" Reagan statement left White House visit wife Nancy Bethesda Naval Hospital. Reagan's statement follow meeting top economic advisers. Reagan remains concerned market action take Federal Reserve helped. "Interest rate across spectrum" Reagan said. "Specifically I be pleased bond market strong foreign exchange market stable" Reagan said. Reuter 

Shr profit seven ct v loss 24 ct Net profit 650000 v loss 2327000 Revs 34.3 mln v 37.0 mln Nine mths Shr profit 38 ct v profit 67 ct Net profit 3673000 v profit 6474000 Revs 108.4 mln v 110.0 mln NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include gain 5360000 dlrs 55 ct share 6339000 dlrs 65 ct share respectively realize gain investments. 1986 qtr nine mths include gain 105000 dlrs cent share 342000 dlrs ct share respectively realize gain investments. 1986 qtr nine mths include charge 4860000 50 ct share strengthen reserve casualty claims. Reuter 

Shr six ct v 17 ct Net 1064000 v 2676000 Revs 144.6 mln v 129.4 mln Avg shrs 17.1 mln 16.1 mln Six mths Shr 13 ct v 25 ct Net 2167000 v 4029000 Revs 248.0 mln v 249.2 mln Avg shrs 17.1 mln v 16.1 mln Reuter 

A collapse U.S. stock price hit Japanese investor hard shift stock bond earlier slow Japanese capital flow U.S. investor stock broker said. Until recently Japanese net purchase U.S. stock project leap eight 12 billion dlrs billion dlrs 1986 security industry source said. "The Japanese suffer severely U.S. bond investment (they suffering) U.S. stocks" Hiroyuki Kondo Yasuda Trust Banking Co Ltd. Japanese portfolio investment concentrate Treasury security lead heavy currency loss follow dollar's steep decline. Even U.S. bond purchase moderate Japanese investor continued suffer loss bond price fell sharply recent months. Now historic fall U.S. stock market stun Japanese investor kill appetite U.S. stocks. Keita Konishi Sumitomo Life Insurance Co firm panicked across-the-board sell-off U.S. stock investment expect resume buying stock time. There panic sell Japanese institutional investor stock price nosedive Susumu Uchiyama Yamaichi Internatinal (America) Inc. Following steep decline Japanese buying U.S. stock appear bargain-priced said. "There wave Japanese investment U.S. being" Keiji Tsuda Nissei BOT Asset Management Corp investment advisory body Nippon Life Insurance Co. "It's twice. The psychological impact (on investors' behaviour) drag considerably" said. The late turmoil financial market trigger U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker threaten futher dollar fall retaliation high West German rate rise undermined foreign investors' confidence dollar Tsuda said. The U.S. economy sit bomb huge budget trade deficit investors' worry twin problem intensified. "Before I dollar's fall (over past years) detonator bomb hasn't" Tsuda said. Investors broker Japanese experienced enormous volatality New York stock market cause "program trading." A stock trader Daiwa Securities America Inc Japanese investor attract American firms' superior performance relative Japanese firm term earnings share U.S. stocks' downside potential large oJapanese stocks. While Japanese stock market take nosedive stabilize effort Japanse firms. A percentage Japanese equity held company hold stock stock Japanese firm strengthen tie cross-holding relationship analyst said. Despite massacare Wall Street Japanese investor expect withdraw U.S. stocks. U.S. equity process built diversification portfolio portion Japanese investor said. But unclear Japanese resume purchasing U.S. stock depends dollar's stability said. Kondo Yasuda Trust Japanese investor fully convince Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan determine fend dollar's value check future inflation U.S. Because uncertainty dollar's direction inflation U.S. Japanese investor yet jumped Treasury bond despite late sharp bond yield rise investor said. Konishi Sumitomo Life "A U.S. recession talk shift bond I feel uneasy buying U.S. instrument now." Tsuda Nissei question strength recent rally U.S. government bond prices. He steep bond market rally real trend bond price rise short cover bill rise temporary fund shift stock market. Reuter 

Dart Group Corp DARTA.O> affiliate Madison Partners current market condition drop takeover bid Dayton Hudson Corp. The company sell 1.4 mln 4.6 mln share Dayton Hudson stock. It intend sell rest Dayton Hudson shares. At current market level suffer 70 mln dlr aftertax loss hold spokesman said. Dart solicit authorization call meeting Dayton Hudson shareholders. Dart offer buy Dayton Hudson 68 dlrs share value Minneapolis base retailer 6.6 billion dlrs. That offer reject company. Following selloff takeover stock week market's decline week Dayton Hudson stock close 27-1/2 2-1/2. Dart's holding amount five pct Dayton Hudson. A Dart spokesman 1.4 mln share sell market today. Reuter 

A convoy tanker escort American warship head Gulf Wednesday towards Iranian oil platform ooze smoke have blast U.S. Navy raiders. Some Gulf sea captain report steer clear Iran's Silkworm missile frontline emirate Kuwait redeployed air defence counter threat. "I predominant feel ... Is scar conflict escalate" top West German Foreign Ministry official Helmut Schaefer told reporter Bahrain tour Gulf states. b Shipping source Tuesday six sea captain voiced fear Iran avenge Monday's U.S. Raids unleash Silkworm missile ship ply Gulf. Belgium decide minesweeper en route Gulf stay follow Monday's U.S. Action. But sign prospect tit-for-tat assault reduce level shipping activity area. Iran have vowed react strongly Monday's U.S. Action launch barrage threat ridicule. For Washington warn Iran Tuesday ready far hostile action. Pentagon official announce U.S. Guided missile destroyer escort Kuwaiti tanker fly U.S. flag southwards--the 80000 tonne product carrier Ocean City 46000 tonne petroleum tanker Gas King. Reuter 

Metropolitan Consolidated Industries Inc tender offer outstanding share common stock Metex Corp MTX> currently held option Metropolitan 7.75 dlrs share. The company offer subject ot secure satisfactory financing. Metropolitan currently own 25.7 pct Metex common hold option purchase additional 16 pct Metex common stock. Metropolitan offer October 27. Reuter 

Shr 22 ct v 50 ct Net 1.2 mln v 2.2 mln Sales 41.7 mln v 38.3 mln Note: BII Enterprises Inc Reuter 

Simmons Airlines Inc board director authorize double company's stock repurchase mln share 500000 shares. The buyback represent 20 pct issue share Simmons said. The company bought 205000 share bring total repurchase authorize July 29 534500 shares. It Simmons 4540459 share outstanding. Its stock close 5-5/8 bid 5-3/4 offered. Shares bought privately market said. Reuter 

Artillery shell exchange fire Iran Iraq fell Kuwait's northern border Tuesday cause casualty Kuwait News Agency KUNA quote Defense Ministry official. There rumor oil market Tuesday Iran fire shell oil camp northern Kuwait retaliation U.S. Attacks Iranian oil platform Gulf Monday. "Several shell fell random manner northern border country" official told KUNA. "It seem shell arose exchange fire Iran Iraq... No wound losses." Diplomats shell nearby Iran-Iraq warfront past fall northern Kuwaiti desert. A senior Kuwait Petroleum Corporation official earlier told Reuters unaware attack Kuwaiti oil installations. Reuter 

Shr 27 ct v 20 ct Net 3411000 v 2487000 Revs 34.7 mln v 31.9 mln Six mths Shr 51 ct v 41 ct Net 6372000 v 5090000 Revs 68.1 mln v 63.7 mln Avg shrs 12.6 mln v 12.5 mln Reuter 

President Reagan order administration begin talk congressional leader budget deficit reduction plan. Reagan statement follow meeting top economic adviser prepared across board spending cut comply Federal balance budget law prefer negotiate Congress. He consider anything congressional leadership propose spokesman remains oppose raise tax reduce deficit. "I preferable executive legislative branch reach budget deficit reduction package. Accordingly I be direct discussion undertaken bipartisan leadership Congress purpose" Reagan said. Asked whether consider raise tax Reagan "I be willing look whatever proposal have." As Reagan board helicopter visit wife Nancy Bethesda Naval Hospital question whether meant soften tax stance. Reagan reply "if heard helicopter." White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporter Reagan change opposition tax increases. Fitzwater administration accept automatic cut Gramm Rudman balance budget law raise taxes. Earlier Tuesday congressional leader call economic summit White House address nation's budget trade deficit analyst partly blame stock market drop. Reagan willing participate personally negotiation Congress. The White House earlier reject idea negotiate Congress budget deficit. Fitzwater morning White House continued oppose budget summit Congress ground Democrats platform press tax increase. But Reagan announce willingness negotiate Congress meeting hour White House Chief Staff Howard Baker Treasury Secretary James Baker Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan chief economic adviser Beryl Sprinkel. Reuter 

Bausch Lomb Inc board director authorize repurchase mln 30.5 mln issue share common stock. The company recent turmoil financial market result stock price substantially below level believe accurate reflection company's performance future earnings potential. The share repurchase management's discretion either market private purchase connection acquisition stock option employee benefit plans. Reuter 

Pacific Stock Exchange Chairman Maurice Mann exchange reach record volume follow yesterday's record 17.6 mln shares. look volume yesterday Mann news conference follow close. The exchange close one-half hour straight day. Mann exchange determine daily whether close days. Mann major operational occur exchange stop trading 30 over-the-counter option 17 trading restore day. He option halt price information underlie stock disseminate floor quickly enough. "You cannot trade option unless worth" said. Mann exchange's computer work expect pressure heavy trading volume. "This design yesterday" said. He technical adjustment yesterday improve today's operations. He elaborate. Mann decision close exchange due concern vulnerability half hour New York closed. Rather allow trade tally conformance exchanges. In Los Angeles trader trading hectic able keep order yesterday. "We handle order got. Things seem smooth out" Richard Goforth partner Crowell Weedon Co trade Los Angeles exchange floor. Goforth add trader expect even sort paperwork trades. Jefferies Co Director Trading James Melton firm extremely busy make market halt stock hour trading. He Jefferies trading 15 hour begin 0300 pdt. Melton Jefferies market blue chip stock International Business Machines IBM> Allegis Corp AEG> Merck Co MRK> halt exchanges. Melton decline volume off-market trading company do "its busy... stock halt market active." He expect heavy volume continue week. While seller predominate Melton add "people bottom fishing little bit blue chips...but nervous." Reuter 

First RepublicBank Corp large bank hold company Texas report loss 6.3 mln dlrs third quarter non-performing loan rise sharply far deterioration Texas's real estate market. There comparable figure third quarter 1986 company form June 1987 merger RepublicBank Corp Interfirst Corp. Non-performing loan 3.1 billion dlrs September 12.4 pct total asset mpared 9.5 pct quarter. Loans secure real estate account 90 pct 706 mln dlr increase non-performing loan third quarter First Republicbank said. It poor shape office retail housing market Dallas Houston Austin continue hold earnings. "As indicate earlier 1987 First RepublicBank company continue ass future common stock dividend payment relative earnings performance" Gerald Fronterhouse chairman chief executive officier statement. First RepublicBank third-quarter loan loss provision 106 mln dlrs net charge-offs 87 mln dlrs left total allowance credit loss 1.14 billion dlrs 4.6 pct loan portfolio. The company's primary capital amount 7.9 pct asset September. The 6.3 mln dlr loss sustain despite 29 mln dlr cut overhead achieve partly staff attrition. The size combine staff bank cut 12 pct Fronterhouse bank ahead schedule achieve saving merger. Reuter 

Shr 54 ct v 53 ct Net 4193000 v 4052000 Revs 75.2 mln v 63.9 mln Nine mths Shr 1.98 dlrs v 1.75 dlrs Net 15.4 mln v 13.5 mln Revs 223.4 mln v 199.5 mln Reuter 

The Pacific Stock Exchange due huge backup computer difficulty closing figure available evening. The exchange specify figure released. Reuter 

CityFed Financial Corp stop issue common stock variety shareholder employee groups. The company Monday repurchase mln share common market longer issue common stock dividend reinvestment stock purchase plan employee thrift profit share plan City Federal Savings Bank unit. It longer grant five pct market discount share purchase reinvested dividend dividend reinvestment stock puurchase plan. Reuter 

The United States lift additional 84 mln dlrs trade sanction Japan month Reagan Administration official said. President Reagan impose 300 mln dlrs sanction Japanese good April failure honor 1986 agreement dump semiconductor U.S. third country market market U.S. goods. The move raise tariff 100 pct five pct Japanese color television set hand-held tool portable computers. Reagan lift 51 mln dlrs sanction June Japan end sell semiconductor U.S. market below production costs. Semiconductors silicon chip memory recall purpose wide variety computers. The Administration official Commerce Department monitor show Japan end dump semiconductor third country take sale American-made semiconductors. They likely 51 mln dlrs sanction lift month. The United States Japan remain odds opening close Japanese market U.S. goods. U.S. Japanese official review Japan's compliance agreement earlier week. The periodic review continue remain sanction stay force official Japan full compliance semiconductor agreement. reuter 

American Telephone Telegraph Co Telerate Inc form joint partnership develop market electronic transaction service global financial markets. The company partnership provide give international money trader ability manage transaction instantaneously. Reuter 

CIP Inc wholly-owned Canadian Pacific Ltd consider building pulp mill Texas kenaf fibre instead wood CIP president Cecil Slenniken interview. The kenaf plant member hibiscus artificially developed ago. The plant grown Southern Texas reach height 10 foot month produce quality newsprint wood pulp CIP official said. Slenniken company commission study 200000 tonne capacity pulp mill fibre partner begin project. "We yet ready commit hundred million dollar project" Slenniken said. He CIP use pulp trial basis newsprint contain 90 pct kenaf fibre 10 pct softwood fibre Trois-Rivieres Quebec plant. CIP Canada's large newsprint producer recently launch 366 mln Canadian dlr newsprint mill Gold River British Columbia due begin produce 230000 metric tonne fall 1989. Reuter 

Shr 83 ct v 67 ct Net 10052000 v 7929000 Avg shrs 12161000 v 11824000 Nine mths Shr 2.33 dlrs v 1.91 dlrs Net 28110000 v 22386000 Avg shrs 12078000 v 11729000 Assets 5.9 billion v 5.7 billion Deposits 5.3 billion v 4.8 billion Loans lease 4.2 billion v 4.0 billion Reuter 

Trace Products Inc stock-swap merger agreement privately held Central Point Software suspend indefinitely uncertainty stock market. Trace Products manufacture diskette tape duplication equipment software publisher earlier agree acquire Portland Ore.-based Central Point 5.5 mln share common stock. Reuter 

Shr profit cent v loss 29 ct Net profit 116000 v loss 4195000 Revs 20.2 mln v 6393000 Reuter 

Oper shr 38 ct v 1.84 dlrs Oper net 973000 v 4497000 Nine mths Oper shr 1.22 dlrs v 1.31 dlrs Oper net 3133000 v 3410000 NOTE: Results exclude extraordinary gain net loss carryforward 672000 dlrs 27 ct 1987 3rd qtr 918000 dlrs 38 ct 1986 3rd qtr 1071000 dlrs 44 ct 1987 nine months. 1986 result include 5.1 mln dlr gain termination define benefit pension plan. Reuter 

President Reagan United States remains commit Louvre accord seven major industrial nation agree stabilize currency exchange rates. "The United States remains commit Louvre agreement" Reagan statement follow meeting top economic advisers. Reagan United States Japan West Germany reaffirm commitment coordinate economic policies. Reagan Japanese Prime Minister-designate Noboru Takeshita telephone conversation Tuesday morning "his (Takeshita's) top priority maintain stable economic relation United States." Reagan note Treasury Secretary James Baker met West German financial official reaffirm commitment Louvre agreement. They "reaffirmed agreement coordinate economic policy provide non-inflationary growth stable exchange rates" Reagan said. Reuter 

Qtly div 33 ct v 32-1/2 ct Pay Dec Record Nov six Note: Canadian Utilities Ltd. Reuter 

A shareholder include Entregrowth Interational Ltd Auckland New Zealand lift stake Suave Shoe Corp common stock 319600 share 11.5 pct total outstanding previous figure approximately 238400 share 8.6 pct. In filing Securities Exchange Commission bought 81200 Suave Shoe common share market transaction October 1 19 8.34 dlrs 10.07 dlrs share. No reason purchases. Reuter 

Shr 51 ct v 36 ct Net 5600000 v 4000000 Revs 115.4 mln v 91.2 mln Nine mths Shr 1.13 dlrs v 61 ct Net 10.7 mln v 5800000 Revs 308.2 mln v 249.5 mlln NOTE: 1986 resutls restate pro forma basis reflect comparable treatment Budget's leveraged buyout September 30 1986 initial common stock offering May 22 1987. Reuter 

Qtrly div 34 ct v 40 ct prior Pay Nov 21 Record Nov Four Reuter 

Shr 12 ct v 10 ct Net 1600000 v 1314000 Revs 17.6 mln v 12.2 mln Nine mths Shr 58 ct v 43 ct Net 7624000 v 5336000 Revs 56.8 mln v 40.1 mln Reuter 

Net 1137000 v 1185000 Nine mths Shr 2.17 dlrs v 2.03 dlrs Net 3645000 v 3384000 Assets 374.4 mln v 355.4 mln NOTE: Per shr data qtr disclosed. Reuter 

Shr loss 15 ct v loss 19 ct Net loss 2161000 v loss 2873000 Revs 24.5 mln v 22.6 mln Reuter 

Shr 10 ct v ct Net 262000 v 38000 Revs 11.2 mln v 5858000 Avg shrs 2589045 v 2588364 Nine mths Shr 46 ct v 26 ct Net 1179000 v 601000 Revs 32.7 mln v 18.7 mln NOTE: All shr data adjust reflect 10 pct stock dividend distribute 2nd qtr 1987. Reuter 

Shr loss 35 ct v profit 18 ct shr Net loss 946300 v profit 502500 Revs 17.3 mln v 16.8 mln Reuter 

Former Treasury Secretary William Simon sharply criticise President Reagan irresponsible fiscal policy contribute week's stock price collapse. "(Reagan) fell siren song cut tax cut spending 'grow this' everything wonderful" Simon apparent reference massive U.S. budget deficit. "Every hear nonsense ought howl pain howl yesterday howl today" interview taped afternoon MacNeil Lehrer Newshour air 1930 EDT (2330 GMT). Simon held post president Nixon Ford Reagan's tax cut positive save investment. And blame Congress cause U.S.'s fiscal problem put self-interest ahead interest. "It's president. It's Congress ... Republicans Democrats alike" said. "They're bunch hypocrite credo -- credo 'more.'" Reuter 

First Mississippi Corp view recent decline stock price due drop stock market consider repurchase common stock. The company share repurchase 13 mln dlrs available actions. The company quarter earnings release week substantially 33 ct share year. Results include gain 44 ct share sale portion company's Melamine Chemicals company said. The company plan corporate restructuring proceed schedule proceeds 49 mln dlr coal supply contract settlement Tampa Electric Co> receive reduce debt. First Mississippi diversified resource company. Reuter 

Shr 1.24 dlrs v 1.16 dlrs Net 10.1 mln v 8910000 Nine mths Shr 2.42 dlrs v 3.30 dlrs Net 19.8 mln v 25.4 mln Assets 4.3 billion v 3.8 billion Deposits 3.4 billion v 3.1 billion Loans 2.6 billion v 2.3 billion Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp IC Products Co's BBB-plus senior debt review negative implications. Also Pneumo-Abex Corp's BBB-plus senior debt BBB subordinate debt review "developing" implications. Both firm unit IC Industries Inc whose debt rat S P. About 65 mln dlrs debt affected. S P review management's current objective resource need achieve determine credit quality impact expand restructuring program. Reuter 

The Commodity Futures Trading Commission future market collect clearing margin call follow feverish future trading Monday. "The Commission remains frequent contact future market trade stock index future option confirm collection clearing margin call consequence future trading Monday October 19 1987" CFTC statement. Four U.S. exchange briefly halt stock index future trading Tuesday New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) urge refrain use trading. Acting CFTC Chairman Kalo Hineman CFTC continued "closely monitor financial integrity firm position stock index future option markets." A future industry official concern industry leader stock index future blame stock market's nosedive Monday. "This equity market problem" official said. "Our (U.S.) budget deficit (and) what's Gulf appear responsible shape what's happen future markets." Some lawmaker focus criticism index arbitrage trading. Republican Senator John Heinz recommend White House daily trading limit apply stock index future index future margin raised. Democrat Representative Charles Schumer Congress consider control margin requirements. Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp downgrade CCC-plus single-B Del E. Webb Corp's DWP> 30 mln dlrs outstanding subordinate debt. It issue remove Creditwatch place July 27 due deteriorate operating performance Webb's minority own manage Atlantic City Nevada casino/hotel businesses. S P downgrade reflect casinos' dismal earnings cash flow prospect Webb's resultant weaken financial condition. Reuter 

Southland Corp told Securities Exchange Commission order private investigation Southland stock trading statement company year. "Southland advise Commission issue private investigation concern trading Southland stock various time 1987 issuance various statement Southland" Southland proxy statement shareholders. Southland elaborate SEC investigation company official reach comment late Tuesday. The SEC long-standing policy confirm deny existence investigations. The proxy statement file Securities Exchange Commission require November 5 shareholder meeting call approve previously announce acquisition Southland company control Southland chairman John Thompson family. Earlier lead Thompson acquire majority ownership Southland 77 dlrs share tender offer 31.5 mln share Southland common stock. If merger approve common stock outstanding convert receive 61.32 dlrs share cash plus fraction share prefer stock. Reuter 

Qtr end Aug 31 Shr 22 ct v 24 ct Net 2794000 v 2993000 Revs 91.4 mln v 66.4 mln Six mths Shr 45 ct v 45 ct Net 5677000 v 5700000 Revs 174.6 mln v 132.8 mln NOTE: full name company continental information system corp. Reuter 

Shr 15 ct v 27 ct Net 4358947 v 7786640 Revs 140.8 mln v 121.2 mln Year Shr 86 ct v 1.06 dlrs Net 24.8 mln v 30.5 mln Revs 560.3 mln v 487.7 mln Reuter 

Shr 28 ct v 21 ct Net 4653815 v 3564451 Revs 34.0 mln v 12.8 mln Nine mths Shr 61 ct v 53 ct Net 10.4 mln v 8881825 Revs 61.8 mln v 38.4 mln NOTE: Per shr amount give retroactive effect 2-for-1 split effect 100 pct stock dividend paid June 1 1987.Net include net realize investment gain 1213471 v 937801 nine mths 1987 v 1986 604172 v 474556 qtr 1987 v 1986. Net include net investment income 12.5 mln v 11.2 mln nine mths 1987 v 1986 4480540 v 3781245 qtr 1987 v 1986. Reuter 

Federal Realty Investment Trust management authorize purchase mln common share current market price market transactions. The company 13.6 mln share outstanding September 30. The company make purchase stock represent excellent investment current market conditions. Federal Realty finance buy-back available cash funds. Reuter 

Payless Cashways Inc repurchase mln common share market. The company 34.7 mln share outstanding call stock buyback investment current prices. Its stock close 12-1/2 1/8 follow 3-3/8 drop Monday. Reuter 

Shr eight ct v 12 ct Net 1016552 v 980834 Revs 6786579 v 4356561 NOTE: Invitron October seven. Reuter 

ICOT Corp periodically repurchase 7500000 10800000 outstanding shares. The company fund buy-back work capital. Reuter 

First Federal Savings Loan Association Wooster> declare quarterly dividend seven ct share. The dividend payable November 20 stockholder record November 2 company said. The company convert stock saving loan April 7 1987. Reuter 

Circle K Corp purchase mln share common stock. A company spokesman Circle K 52.6 mln share outstanding. Circle K purchase market Reuter 

Qtly div 11 ct v 11 ct prior Pay December 15 Record December 1 Reuter 

Shr 1.04 dlrs v 78 ct Net 109.2 mln v 83.9 mln Revs 561.3 mln v 460.5 mln Nine mths Shr 2.61 dlrs v 1.91 dlrs Net 273.8 mln v 206.6 mln Revs 1.56 billion v 1.27 billion NOTE: Per shr amount reflect 2-for-1 split shareholder record June 1 1987. For qtr nine mths 1987 exchange rate fluctuation favorable sale impact 25.9 mln dlrs 70.3 mln dlrs respectively. Net nine mths 1986 include income discontinue operation 10.1 mln nine ct shr income 3.9 mln dlrs ct shr qtr 1986. Reuter 

The nation's exchange brokerage house computer system strain avalanche trading trigger past week's stock market collapse. And financial instry's hi-tech resource able handle crisis sudden surge trading volume likely force exchange security firm revamp computer system communication network earlier plan industry official said. "We already start process increase New York Stock Exchange's capacity" Jim Squyres spokesman Securities Industry Automation Corp run central computer network New York American Stock Exchanges. "We seriously consider speed up" said. After straight day record volume exchange push system untested limits. And exchange computer handle crush broker trader complain lose trade delayed price quotes. The serious problem arose Monday record fall 508 point dow volume 600 mln share New york stock exchange stun entire industry. The American Stock Exchange's order-routing crashed 10 minute trading closed. The Pacific Stock Exchange suspend half-hour catch massive backlog trades. And price-quote feed supply NYSE cut time leave trader quote 45 minute behind actual market. Although computer whir late exchange open Tuesday problem few NYSE volume swell 610 mln shares. Combined volume NYSE American over-the-counter exchange topped 900 mln shares. "I we're equip trading" Paul Stevens executive vice president operation American Stock Exchange. "The computer handle volume strain people" said. "The computer turn hero thing" add DuWayne Peterson executive vice president technology Merrill Lynch Co Inc. In official big constraint trading cause old machine exchange floor card printer issue buy sell orders. But computer executive spoke awe systems' ability hold unprecedented pressure start plan future. "We lot innovative handle volume" Squyres Securities Industry Automation Corp (SIAC) jointly own New York American Stock exchanges. SIAC plan boost capacity 50 pct 1990. But improvement earlier. Meanwhile New York Telephone Co Monday's panic sell wreak havoc telephone system. "It normally heavy day" company spokesman Steve Marcus. Reuter 

TLX Partners lead Asher Edelman problem 65 dlr share bid Telex Corp Shearson Lehman official advise said. Several takeover proposal crumble follow decline financial market lead speculation Edelman drop offer. Telex fell 11 34-1/4. Earlier Carl Icahn drop bid Trans World Airlines Inc TWA> private Dart Group Corp DARTA.O> abandon plan acquire Dayton Hudson Corp DH>. Both cite market conditions. "Nothing fundamental change company. The stock price change company hasn't change there's reason change" Daniel Good Shearson Lehman merchant banking. "Things proceed plan fully expect pay share financing place" Good said. Shearson agree provide bridge financing 600 mln dlrs Edelman group. Reuter 

Shr 46 ct v 55 ct Net 3532000 v 4217000 Revs 54 mln v 52.4 mln Nine mths Shr 1.97 dlrs v 1.98 dlrs Net 15.0 mln v 14.8 mln Revs 176.2 mln v 176.9 mln Reuter 

Shr primary 92 ct v 1.09 dlrs Shr dilute 82 ct v 97 ct Net 21.8 mln v 26.1 mln Nine mths Shr primary 3.07 dlrs v 2.96 dlrs Shr dilute 2.72 dlrs v 2.44 dlrs Net 73.2 mln v 65.3 mln Assets 14.29 billion v 12.35 billion Deposits 9.52 billion v 8.69 billion Loans 8.79 billion v 8.69 billion Reuter 

MDS Health Group Ltd mass spectrometry equipment developed Sciex division British-made contraband detection system purchase Japanese government. The company Japanese custom bureau place initial 21 mln dlr order. The equipment able detect illegal drug cargo company said. The system British Aerospace BAEL.L>. Reuter 

The U.S. Senate Tuesday back President Reagan's retaliatory strike Iranian target Gulf move great role make policy volatile region. Senators vote 92-1 non-binding measure endorse Monday's U.S. attack Iranian oil platform retaliation Iranian attack Friday Kuwaiti ship fly American flag. The measure attack firm indication U.S. resolve Iran "cannot military action United States impunity." Earlier Senate cut Republican stall tactic vote measure Congress large role make Gulf policy. The measure require Reagan comply 1973 War Powers Act lead pullout U.S. force Gulf. While Democrats Republicans praise U.S. retaliatory strike voiced fear grow U.S. involvement Gulf demand Reagan comply War Powers Act. Reuter 

Canada propose round international trade talk trade-distorting farm subsidy phase five period Trade Minister Pat Carney said. "Agricultural subsidy trade barrier create vicious circle continue cause problem overproduction low commodity prices" Carney told House Commons. Carney outline government's position farm trade table Tuesday Geneva multilateral talk GATT (General Agreement Tariffs Trade). While detail release Carney government press improvement market access measure ensure country erect artificial barriers. "Under Canadian proposal country ensure domestic policy program address specific need farm sector distort trade" government background paper said. "Furthermore assess trade impact program credit country effectively control output farm products" paper said. Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp review downgrade United Artists Communications Inc's single-B rating 490 mln dlrs outstanding shelf-registered subordinate debt. Placed review positive implication United Cable Television Corp's B-minus rating 250 mln dlrs outstanding subordinate debt preliminary B-plus senior B-minus subordinate rating 200 mln dlrs shelf-registered debt. S P review reflect perception implication propose merger involve firms. Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp downgrade 100 mln dlrs B-plus 13-5/8 pct senior subordinate debenture due 1997 Bally Health Tennis Corp unit Bally Manufacturing Corp. S P cite parent's proposal sell Bally Health 500 mln dlrs investor group. It note transaction include assumption Bally Health's debt. Although investor group's plan know acquisition probably debt finance markedly increase Bally Health's financial risk. S P sale unit increase parent's financial position. In related action Standard Poor's affirm debt rating Bally Manufacturing related entities. Affirmed BB mortgage bond BB-minus mortgage bond B-plus subordinate debt. S P pro-form debt leverage Bally Manufacturing adjust capitalize operating lease drop 68 pct aggressive 75.5 pct June 30. Adjusted asset sale parent company's return capital 11.6 pct 1986 remain subpar S P said. Reuter 

MGM/UA Communications Co sign agreement CST Communications Co purpose financing American motion picture projects. CST American corporation form C. Itoh Co Ltd CITT.T> Suntory Ltd Tokyo Broadcasting Systems Inc TBRS.T>. The company detail agreement. Reuter 

Shr 1.18 dlrs v 87 ct Net 149.6 mln v 134.0 mln Revs 1.10 billion v 956.4 mln Nine mths Shr 3.36 dlrs v 2.42 dlrs Net 428.1 mln v 373.7 mln Revs 3.13 billion v 2.70 billion Avg shrs 127.3 mln v 154.5 mln NOTE: 1986 result include 25 mln dlr reduction operating income relaunch Contac. Reuter 

First Commercial Bancorp acquire three-branch Citizens Bank Roseville stock swap. The value agreement base Citizens' adjust book value trading price First Commercial's stock. Citizens' book value 1.9 mln dlrs third quarter accord bank's counsel Guy Gibson. Under agreement Citizens shareholder trade stock five-year debenture issue First Commercial. Terms debenture established. Reuter 

United Artists Communications Inc United Cable Television Corp> indefinitely suspend negotiation propose merger company previously announced. The company cite combination extraordinary market condition unresolved term merger contribute action. Reuter 

Shr 41 ct v 33 ct Net 10.2 mln v 8309000 Revs 193.3 mln v 157.7 mln Nine month Shr 1.29 dlrs v 1.02 dlrs Net 32.1 mln v 25.4 mln Revs 582 mln v 486.5 mln Reuter 

Shr 56 ct v 68 ct Net 8327000 v 9738000 Nine mths Shr 2.19 dlrs v 1.67 dlr Net 32.8 mln v 24.8 mln Avg shrs 15.0 mln v 14.9 mln Assets 5.58 billion v 4.34 billion Deposits 3.60 billion v 3.27 billion Loans 2.96 billion v 2.90 billion Reuter 

Sept 30 Shr six ct v 17 ct Net 1064000 v 2676000 Revs 144.6 mln v 129.4 mln Avg shrs 17121000 v 16065000 Six month Shr 13 ct v 25 ct Net 2167000 v 4029000 Revs 248 mln v 249.2 mln Avg shrs 17121000 v 16065000 Reuter 

BSD Medical Corp Alan L Himber appoint chairman board replace John E. Langdon resigned. BSD Langdon's close businees associate Philip D. Dixon III Robert E. McCarroll resign directors. New board appoint near future. Himber become majority stockholder company June. Reuter 

National Self Storage sell nine storage facility Southmark Corp 37.1 mln dlrs. National Self developer storage space record purchase include nine storage facilties. National Self Southmark plan two-year 100 facility expansion South Florida across country. Reuter 

W.R. Grace Co federal district court jury Chicago order pay 100 mln dlrs damage base judgment involve loan agreement Continental Illinois National Bank CIL>. The company damage consist 25 mln dlrs compensatory damage 75 mln dlrs punitive damages. It appeal ruling. The company litigation "involved interpretation complex financing arrangement enter Continental Illinois National Bank CIL> transfer loan Federal Deposit Insurance Corp restructuring bank." The company believe appeal successful. Separately resume periodic purchase 2.3 mln share Grace common stock unsolicited market privately negotiate transactions. The company 42.2 mln common share outstanding. Reuter 

Qtly div 63 ct v 62 ct Pay Nov 20 Record Nov 3 Reuter 

Foreign investment Mexico stood August 17.8 billion dlrs follow increase 900 mln dlrs eight month Trade Industrial Development Ministry said. It authorize investment rise 30 pct equivalent 2.45 billion dlrs expect similar increase 1987 whole. Reuter 

The Swiss Mortgage Institute (Schweizerischer Hypothekarinstitute) issue 160 mln Swiss franc five pct 12-year bond price 100.5 pct lead manager Credit Suisse said. Subscriptions run Oct. 29. Reuter 

Chile's military ruler impose range punishment range fine loss political civil right convict belonging ban Marxist parties. Any newspaper magazine publishing view risk temporary suspension. The crackdown ammendment Constitution approve Military Junta country's legislature branch Armed Forces represented. Reuter 

The Bank Japan bought 50 billion yen 10-year government bond operation see aim allay fear collapse market bond trader said. The central bank bought 6.8 pct 73rd 6.5 pct 80th 5.1 pct 89th issues. Yield key 89th bond due 1996 subsequently fell 5.560 pct trading 5.920 pct close Tuesday opening 5.600 pct. The market generally welcome operation trading volume gradually increasing. There retail bargain-hunting active issue trader said. REUTER 

The Bank Japan reassure nervous money market sharp fall Tokyo stock price yesterday conduct 200 billion yen commercial bill purchase operation money trader said. The central bank inject fund three-month repurchase agreement mature January 11 bear 3.9375 pct identical morning's rate three-month commercial bills. The operation partly roll 300 billion yen commercial bill mature morning. Money market source project 260 billion yen surplus today. In bond market Bank Japan offer buy 50 billion yen 10-year government bond encourage already firm tone bond price dealer said. The Bank Japan try reassure market participant ready supply fund whenever market need especially Tuesday's plunge Tokyo stock price security trader said. The widely held market belief rate head high major cause recent tumble bond market price reason behind stock market plunge said. REUTER 

The "Black Monday" stock market crash fail destroy Americans' faith economic soundness country accord poll release Tuesday. The ABC-Washington Post poll take close stock trading Monday show 58 pct believe unprecedented slide stock price foretold economic downturn 70 pct reject notion country face 1930s-style Depression. Fifty-three pct interviewed own stock pct sell result Monday's decline. Of 40 pct currently held stock pct plan sell pct plan buy. The poll 507 woman take telephone Monday Dow Jones Industrial Average plunge 500 point 22 pct record volume. REUTER 

Monday's stock market collapse spell disaster Republican hope retain White House 1988 -- prof start economic downturn -- political expert said. "The question stock market (decline) signal impend recession. If Republicans difficult winning" independent political analyst William Schneider told Reuters. "If Democrats nominate anyone halfway credible win" added. Schneider's comment heel 500-point decline bellwheter Dow Jones stock market average reflect political adage election decide voters' feeling financial being. "There doubt vote pocketbook don't expect 1988 different" say Donald Foley top spokesman Missouri Representative Richard Gephardt's Democratic presidential campaign. Foley add five-year stock market rally show amaze resilience "there's tell market week." President Reagan puzzle day's event convince economy fundamentally sound. "I everyone puzzle ... index up. There wrong economy" told reporters. "I don't anyone panic economic indicator solid" added. But decline Wall Street knock underpinnings boast record bull market demonstrates wisdom current economic policy. It deprive Republicans major argument keep White House hand President Reagan leaf office January 1989. It give hollow ring word Vice President George Bush week ago formally enter White House race. "We weather storm. Our economy recover strong history" Bush reference recovery 1981-82 recession push unemployment high level Great Depression 1930s. "We mark week long peacetime economic expansion nation's record history" Bush bragged. At midday Wall Street batter record sell panic Reagan give glow account economy's performance swear ceremony Commerce Secretary William Verity. Indeed Labor Department report earlier month unemployment American worker fall eight-year low 5.9 pct September compare seven pct ago Post World War Two peak 10.7 pct December 1982. But rate climb steadily improvement record U.S. trade deficit rest economic expert express doubt stay current expansion. Warnings economic danger corner staple Democratic campaign speech year. And Democratic party leader organizational meeting week ago predict economy determine factor year's election. "The 1988 election decide peacetime election economic issues" Michigan party chairman Richard Weiner. "In Ohio uneasy. They economy going" add Ohio Democratic leader James Ruvulo. American political history replete example voter throw incumbent officeholder economy turn sour -- notably 1932 Democrat Franklin Roosevelt won landslide triumph end 12 Republican rule Democrats nation's majority party 40 years. But political expert Monday's stock decline turn temporary phenomenon effect 1988 election. "Times change condition change" Schneider said. Quoting legendary baseball manager Casey Stengel Schneider add "Never prediction especially future." Reuter 

Stock market analyst poll Tokyo's market open Tuesday Wall Street's dramatic fall Monday overdone Tokyo fall drastically opening stabilise later. Factors affect Tokyo market New York said. "Tokyo's market completely New York" senior analyst Nomura Securities. "We computer (program) sell stable share ownership New York." "The discount rate Japan cannot rise" senior Nomura analyst said. He Tokyo Exchange's 225-share index fall 1000 point Tuesday basic concern. It drop 620.18 point 25746.56 Monday. But 1000 fall compare New York. "New York overreact dollar rise -- positive sign New York" said. The Tokyo Stock Exchange open 0900 local (0000 GMT) 1500 local (0600 GMT). The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 508 point (or 22.5 pct) 1738 Monday big decline absolute percentage terms. Simon Smithson Kleinwort Benson International share analyst Tokyo's market likely free fall morning trading stabilise later. He predict drop 1000 point index today. But overall economic condition U.S. And Japan different. "The problem push New York market (U.S.) budget deficit trade deficit slow economic growth exist Japan" Smithson said. However stock fund manager major trust bank gloomy prediction. "The situation market cannot ignore New York" said. "Foreigners sell index fund selling" said. A fund manager Japanese trust bank Monday's New York fall completely range expectations. "All wait happens. There seem factor stop fall. There invest now" said. REUTER 

Chase Manhattan Corp (CMB) president Thomas Labrecque sharp decline stock market justified economic condition perspective investor fundamental economic conditions. "If fundamental settle down" Labrecque news conference American Bankers Associatioon annual convention here. Labrecque stock market drop cause U.S. monetary official ease credit policies. Inflation fear exaggerated Chase believe inflation rise beyond five percent Labrecque said. He strong economic condition permit growth continue 1988. "I don't stock market cause recession" Labrecque said. He estimate impact Chase stock market fall be. Chase's stock price drop 23 pct money center bank suffer sharper losses. Referring banking industry said: "We're talk day." "These strong institutions" said. Labrecque Federal Reserve Board tighten monetary policy view stock market's behavior. "If bias I expect little bit way" said. Labrecque U.S. budget deficit single factor behind market's worries. He call closer cooperation economic policy United States West Germany Japan Britain. Reuter 

British foreign secretary Sir Geoffrey Howe told EC colleague Monday Britain want agreement December detailed plan curb EC farm spending sanction increase EC budgetary resources. British diplomatic source quote Howe say accord contain detailed figure involve immediate penalty farmer overproduction reach advance EC head government summit meeting December. "We require number word commodity regimes" Howe quote saying. The EC Commission propose month plan "budgetary stabilisers" reduction guaranteed price restriction sale intervention increase coresponsibility levy output individual commodity exceed levels. Britain clearest backing idea EC outline. Diplomats Britain exercise leverage issue EC severe budgetary crisis emerge 12 member agree revise financed. The source quote Howe saying: "An interim partial solution cover element Commission package unacceptable United Kingdom." They insist penalty impose farmer exceed production limit effect marketing overproduction result price adjustment follow year. Howe question special fund top EC farm coffer event unexpected development major fall value dollar. The Commission suggest fund deal emergency situations. French EC affair minister Bernard Bosson told journalist country accept idea emergency reserve. "The British position tougher" said. Howe speak meeting EC foreign minister discuss future EC finance simultaneously farm ministers' meeting consider Commission's farm spending proposals. Before meeting British agriculture minister John MacGregor back Commission proposal 1988 cereal production ceiling 155 mln tonnes. Reuter 

Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter Monday U.S. free trade agreement Canada Israel pave liberalize global trading system. He Canadian Israeli pact worldwide reform effort General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) critic fear them. The GATT talk ago Punta del Este Uruguay liberalize global trading include trade agriculture service banking. Yeutter remark U.S.-Israeli trade meeting mark bilateral accord. The Canadian-U.S. pact sign side week ago yet approve U.S. Congress Canadian Parliament. The free trade agreement (FTA) gradually remove tariff barrier cross-border trade good services. Yeutter aftermath Canadian Israeli pact "other country realize continue access world's large market serious improve GATT." The pact Israel gradually increase shipment way Canadian pact substantially increase gross product countries. Yeutter Canadian Israeli pact serve precedent progress GATT. Yeutter "increasing trade key enhance political economic stability globe." He "a strong GATT enhance prosperity advanced industrial nation country increase trade standard living." Yeutter add risk progress Israeli Canadian trade pact resort protectionism. He refer trade legislation pending Congress force United States retaliatory action nation trade surplus United States country practice unfair trade. The legislation prompt grow U.S. trade deficit hit 156 billion dlrs rising. Yeutter pressure Congress act hard resist pending legislation undermine President Reagan's effort liberalize trade. Yeutter renew threat White House veto. He "President Reagan veto bill contains serious flaw I believe veto sustained." Reuter 

EC agriculture minister attack plan penalise farmer immediately becomes clear cereal output above standard norm EC source said. They major criticism raise meeting minister discuss Commission proposal curb spending cereal regime. The Commission want power cut guaranteed price raise coresponsibility levy output harvest rise above 155 mln tonnes. The source minister complain change price level middle season severely damage financial security farmers. But EC Commission spokesman farm commissioner Frans Andriessen told producer guaranteed security regardless market circumstances. The source acceptance output ceilings. However French Dutch minister call maximum output wider range cereal crop cereal alone. The source add West Germany want production ceiling individual country excess production paid exchequer receive support idea. British farm minister John MacGregor told reporter detect support position penalty farmer administer high coresponsibility levies. He believe increase levy increase EC cereal consumption whereas low price farmer direction. Reuter 

Wall Street's big one-day drop 1914 revive bitter debate whether modern investment technique turn shift investor psychology colossal move share prices. "The market gotten players" Dudley Eppel vice president-equity trading Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette Securities Corp. He say stock index future option distort investment process. But Wall Street professional index future option insist blame misplaced. Fischer Black trading arbitrage division Goldman Sachs Co say so-called trading strategy involve opposite position future stock index underlie stock deserve blame today's decline. "People change mind future economy" said. Another strategy know portfolio insurance exagerated decline degree Black. Eli Wachtel Bear Stearns Co emphatic. "I believe drop precipitate portfolio insurance expand trading." "The stop value investor come say 'IBM sell computers' buy traditional reasons" Jeffrey Miller Miller Tabak Hirsch Co. IBM IBM> fell 31 104 Dow Jones Industrial Average drop 500 points. Several ago Miller's firm pursue trading strategy seek lock automatic profit take advantage discrepancy price future underlie stocks. But firm involve late year. Miller investor burn recent market decline miscalculate effect portfolio insurance. He estimate 70 80 billion dlrs invest fund prior decline hedge futures. The portfolio insurance Miller investor protect portfolio commit themselves future course action buying option. While negative news trade deficit budget deficit build month option tend crowd narrow span execute market start fall. Miller guess portfolio insurance use. He suggest disclosure investor guard seed plant add future decline. But Miller argue index future option initiate market trends. People Eppel Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette steadfast criticism. "If I wouldn't index futures" said. "They propel market we're pay price." Another irate trader refer IBM's 31 drop complain "what announcement IBM weekend stock drop 31 points?" IBM 175-7/8 earlier year. Some economist agree stock market send signal economy. Allen Sinai chief economist Shearson Lehman Brothers told Reuters 508 decline represent "a crisis confidence. "This bona-fide financial crisis. The market show panic. I suspect wholesale desert market lot foreign investors." Sinai crisis cause continue U.S. budget trade deficit rise rates. "This signal start recession strong indicator come Washington deal budget trade deficits" Sinai said. Some market participant redemption investor mutual fund fuel decline. But Steve Norwitz spokesman T. Rowe Price Associates Baltimore-based investment management firm redemption switch money market fund Price's mln account amount pct assets. "It's rout means." Norwitz company normally receives 3500 telephone inquiry customer day. On Friday Dow index fell 108 point volme call rise 7000 exceed precise number. Ike Kerridge economist oilfield service firm Baker Hughes Inc. analyst evaporation billion dollar paper profit alter consumer behavior. "This trigger recession unusual election year" Kerridge said. Reuter 

News meeting U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Monday soothe currency market allow dollar recoup day's loss dealer said. News meeting Frankfurt secrecy dollar fell sharply criticism Baker West German monetary policy provoke fear Louvre pact currency stability jeopardy. The dollar react immediately news rise pfennig hour New York trading dealer said. The announcement meeting attend Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl simultaneously Bonn Washington time closure New York markets. Baker Stoltenberg Poehl agree pursue policy accepted February Louvre accord finance ministry spokesman Bonn said. The dollar rise 1.7970/90 mark New York's close 1.7730/40. It close Friday 1.7975/85 marks. The dollar tumble nearly pfennig market react Baker's criticism rise West German rate stock market crashed worldwide. Baker West Germany apparently breaching Louvre accord. Under accord lead industrial democracy pledge coordinate economic policy foster currency stability surplus country West Germany Japan stimulate economy U.S. promising cut budget deficit. West German government source rise West German money market rate see breach Louvre pact. They direct reaction high rate United States. U.S. Bond yield rise May inflationary fear September Fed raise discount rate 6.00 pct 5.50. German yield risen period markedly late September Bundesbank nudge short-term rate change term security repurchase pact principal instrument steer money market. The allocation rate facility 3.85 pct compare 3.60 pct. This partly due West Germany's inability uncouple U.S. rate trend reflect concern monetary conservative Bundesbank central bank council excessive monetary growth raise fear domestically produce inflation bank economist said. This monetary tighten reflect switch pragmatic line pursue Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl stabilise mark externally cautious approach Vice President Helmut Schlesinger. In apparent gesture Baker coincide visit Bundesbank repeatedly add money market liquidity morning. Dealers clearly move appease U.S. anger recent West German rate rises. "They (the Bundesbank) don't American fire" Chris Zwermann currency adviser Swiss Bank Corp here. "It seem Bundesbank beating quite significant retreat position" add Giles Keating economist Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd London. The significance retreat emerge term Bundesbank's tender security repurchase pact Tuesday result Wednesday money market economist said. Today's injection liquidity show Bundesbank far strong rise tender allocation rate likely turn 3.80 3.90 pct little change 3.85 pct facility. The Bundesbank Finance Ministry indication meeting Finance Ministry spokesman arrange week. Earlier Monday Finance Ministry spokesman comment apparent U.S.-German clash Louvre accord far quote Stoltenberg say assume monetary cooperation continue. The spokesman believe Baker already left West Germany Sweden Monday. This week due visit Denmark Belgium. Reuter 

Dwindling global crude oil reserve lack major discovery recent send energy crisis 1990 former Atlantic Richfield Co chairman Robert O. Anderson said. "It's sooner anyone thinks" Anderson told reporter address Houston lunch. "I believe we're change oil market oil become harder find." Anderson retire Arco form Hondo Oil Gas Co oil consumption approach 60 mln barrel current excess capacity cushion 4.5 mln barrel rapidly disappear. "If look scrape mln barrel shut-in production outside Middle East" said. "We're soon 1973 1979." Anderson predict oil price 1987 24 dlrs barrel continue gradual climb. "There's price stay flat isn't supply" said. "There major oil discovery past 15 20 years." Alaska's Prudhoe Bay oil reserve major discovery already produce five billion barrel oil half estimate reserve said. Reuter 

Economist Ravi Batra whose book warn crash Wall Street seller summer Monday's record-breaking market drop reason panic. "I (investors) stay market. Don't panic. The panic now" Batra professor Southern Methodist University told Reuters telephone Pittsburgh deliver lecture Rockwell International Corp. Batra's book "The Great Depression 1990" predicts increase concentration U.S. wealth lead depression. He Monday's 508-point drop week's news trade deficit "and add total jitters." However call fall "mini-crash" due change people's attitude market. "In 1920s market down" "But therefore everyone want out." "It turn mini-crash maxi-crash" add fall further. He expect government announce week agreement Japan West Germany bring rate down. "Once (interest rates) market calm down" add government option act trading able stabilize market. "But year's government run options" added. Reuter 

Brazil lift partial moratorium 113-billion-dlr foreign debt accord reach private bank Finance Ministry statement. The statement agreement currently negotiate debt "within term propose Brazil September 25." Brazil propose private creditor refinance foreign debt expire expire 1989 total overall 10.4 billion dlrs. Brazil propose spread conversion bond 70-billion dlrs owe private banks. Brazil February stop payment 68 billion dlrs owe private bank Ministry statement issue Monday lift "when accord reached." The statement token payment bank Brazil condition discus agreement "will major progress negotiations." Meanwhile World Bank mission arrive Monday analyse performance Brazilian economy plan launch July Finance Minister Luiz Carlos Bresser Pereira. Reuter 

The discovery fertile female Mediterranean fruit fly backyard apple tree lead aerial spray Orange County California State Department Agriculture official said. California Department Agriculture spokeswoman Gera Curry 1700 trap 80-square mile Westminster neighborhood follow discovery. The fly found trap routinely checked agriculture officials. Curry aerial spray one-time spray unlike nightly spraying 1980. Reuter 

Active Japanese investment U.S. real estate continue despite weak dollar investment strong hedge inflation financier real estate industry expert said. Addressing conference Japanese investment U.S. real estate Setsuya Tabuchi chairman Nomura Securities Co Ltd Japanese investor extremely cautious invest Treasury security currency loss suffer past dollar's sharp decline. But add "Real estate hedge inflation investment decline." Japanese total investment U.S. real estate estimate six billion dlrs exceed billion dlrs plough U.S. equity Arther Mitchell Coudert Brothers U.S. law firm told conference. Adding financing real estate project Japanese bank lease company total aamount Japanese fund commit U.S. real estate project reach 20 billion dlrs 1987 said. The dollar's fall U.S. property cheap exchange risk low Japanese firm make investment project dollar/yen rate 120-130 said. Panelists conference Japanese look wider variety real estate investment include development project suburban buildings. Benjamin Lambert chairman Eastdil Realty Inc sale 50 pct company Nomura design expand customer base Japan security house's close tie Japanese investors. Participation mortgage loan become popular Japanese panelist said. Mortgages disguise active purchase loan convert ownership property said. Reuter 

Shr 46 ct v 50 ct Net 10.9 mln v 12.0 mln Revs 105.2 mln v 100.0 mln Note: Canadian Marconi Co qtly figure unavailable. Reuter 

Cheyenne Software Inc intend distribute shareholder right buy common share F.A. Computer Technologies Inc subsidiary basis sahre F.A. stock share Cheyenne stock owned. Reuter 

Gabelli Equity Trust Inc intend repurchase mln share common market privately negotiate transaction share trading discount 10 pct net asset value. There currently 44.0 mln share outstanding. Gabelli's board previously grant authority stock repurchase. Reuter 

CityFed Financial Corp market purchase common stock amount exceed mln dlrs. The share held company treasury stock. CityFed City Federal Savings Bank unit acquire additional share unit employee stock ownership trust. The additional purchase employee stock trust fund loan five mln dlrs. At current stock price 5.50 dlr 6.50 dlrs CityFed trust able purchase 950000 additional share five pct share outstanding. Reuter 

Venezuela Ecuador's bid raise OPEC quota above 221000 barrel (bpd) justifiable demand Venezuelan Energy Minister Arturo Hernandez Grisanti Monday. He told reporter country deserve high quota compensation five month force suspend oil production main pipeline destroyed earthquake March. "For five-month period Ecuador exercise produce 221000 bpd" said. "We recognize Ecuador's increase quota ... There basis justice country's petition." He add quota increase gradual avoid harm market added. Hernandez Grisanti understood Ecuador formally submit request high quota ministerial conference Organization Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) opening December 9 Vienna. Reuter 

Shr profit 1.07 dlrs v loss 1.19 dlrs Net profit 3326000 v loss 3446000 Nine mths Net profit 9714000 v profit 3665000 NOTE: Latest prior nine month share amount given. Reuter 

The United States invoked self-defense destroy Iranian oil platform Gulf American delegation told United Nations. Lieutenant General Vernon Walters sent letter incident Security Council President Maurizio Bucci delegate Italy Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar. U.N. press secretary Francois Giuliani Secretary General comment attack follow appeal Friday restraint crisis pursue effort obtain ceasefire Iran Iraq. In explanation Walters United States defensive action response Iranian attack American ship Gulf. He cite Iranian Silkworm missile strike Friday Kuwait water United States-flag ship Sea Isle City. Walters military force destroyed Iranian platform engage variety action United States-flag nonbelligerent vessel planes. "In accordance Article 51 United Nations (Charter) I wish behalf government report United States force exercise inherent self-defense internation law take defensive action response attack . . . Iran United States vessel Gulf" Walters said. Members Security Council met behind close door Monday discus development Gulf statement issue afterwards. Reuter 

France voiced comprehension U.S. Attack Iranian target call swift halt Gulf War avoid far escalation. "The French authority reaffirm attachment freedom security navigation action international law United Nations charter halt attack October 16" Foreign Ministry spokesman statement. The United States force destroyed Iranian oil platform Gulf struck Monday retaliation recent Iranian missile attack U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti ship. Washington platform monitor shipping launch small-boat attack shipping. The French statement described target "an Iranian military platform." But French statement add "everything avoid military development lead escalation conflict." Reuter 

Shr loss 1.73 dlrs v nil Net loss 16.3 mln v profit 2206000 Sales 69.1 mln v 29.1 mln Note: share payment prefer dividends. Reuter 

Granges Exploration Ltd file Securities Exchange Commission propose offering 2500000 share common stock. PaineWebber Inc Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc act underwriter propose offering Granges said. Proceeds offering acquire share Hycroft Resources Development Corp subsidiary work capital fund exploration development acquisition additional mining properties. Reuter 

Shr 22 ct v 20 ct Net 4033000 v 3398000 Sales 125.3 mln v 99.1 mln Avg shrs 18.4 mln v 17.5 mln Nine mths Shr 89 ct v 78 ct Net 15.9 mln v 13.6 mln Sales 413.7 mln v 345.0 mln Avg shrs 17.8 mln v 17.5 mln NOTE:1987 3rd qtr share reflect issuance mln share initial offering. 1986 nine mth result include extraordinary gain 3843000 dlrs 22 ct Reuter 

Cardiac Control Systems Inc enter marketing agreement Japanese firm distribute Cardiac's pacemaker Japan. Cardiac agreement require Japanese firm purchase minimum quantity pacemaker annually aggregate value purchase 12 mln dlrs. Cardiac receive initial Japanese company name 2.2 mln dlrs expect begin shipment fourth quarter March 31 1988. Reuter 

Fifth Third Bancorp C H Bancorp> reach preliminary agreement merge. C H Bancorp asset 257 mln dlrs parent company Citizens Heritage Bank N.A. The company agreement call mln share C H Bancorp exchange share Fifth Third Bancorp. Based financial expectation Fifth Third dilution share earnings merger negligible. Reuter 

Shr 25 ct v NA Net 3081000 v 2063000 Nine mths Shr 86 ct v NA Net 10.5 mln v 6966000 NOTE: Year-ago share amount available bank convert stock ownership August 13 1986. 1987 amount include operation Burgdoff Realtors acquire December 1986 operations. Reuter 

National Processing Co INc sign contract Chrylser Corp's Chrysler Financial Corp unit process loan payment trasactions begin February 1988. Terms weren't disclosed. National mln transaction expect process Chrysler contract. Reuter 

American lawmaker rally behind President Reagan U.S. strike Iranian target Gulf attack fuel sharp White House-Congress debate limit power war. The Pentagon announce Monday U.S. warship destroyed non-producing oil platform monitoring Gulf ship traffic military operation raid Iranian oil rig retaliation earlier Iranian attack Kuwaiti ship fly American flag. Many Democrats control Congress Republicans express support attack praise appropriate "measured response." But Democrats liberal Republicans voiced fear grow confrontation Tehran United States erupt major demand Reagan comply 1973 War Powers Act lead pullout American force waterway. "Those contend strike necessary realize word easily construe tacit endorsement Iran" Sen Mark Hatfield Oregon Republican. Reuter 

Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz met hour Vice President George Bush Monday U.S. naval force destroyed Iranian oil platform Gulf raid another. Asked start meeting attack Crown Prince official visit reply "I believe United States responsibility superpower." His remark appear implicit endorsement U.S. action Pentagon retaliation Friday's Iranian missile attack U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tanker. Administration official Bush assure Crown Prince United States "stay course" Gulf. They Prince Abdullah deputy prime minister Saudi Arabia commander kingdom's guard "very supportive" U.S. role strategic waterway. Before meeting Bush Crown Prince paid brief courtesy call President Reagan. During stay Washington schedule meet Deputy Secretary State John Whitehead Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger leader House Senate foreign policy committees. Reuter 

The U.S. Food Drug Administration allow ICN Pharmaceuticals Inc resume test ribavirin experimental AIDS drug accord ICN. "Our safety concern sufficient magnitude withhold approval far clinical study design ass safety efficacy ribavirin" FDA told ICN Chairman Milan Panic October 16 letter ICN. An FDA spokesman confirm authenticity letter. ICN's test drug human block spring FDA decide insufficient evidence effectiveness common AIDS-related conditions. The test intend determine whether ribavirin effective AIDS-Related Complex (ARC) Lymphadenopathy Syndrome LAS. FDA Commissioner Frank Young disclose May agency investigate "suspicious" test result submit ICN antiviral drug. Young personally scold ICN official make exaggerated claim drug. In addition House subcommittee probe ICN trading financial irregularities. Today FDA let ICN test ribavirin safety effectiveness 32 patient ARC LAS. Reuter 

U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson welcome Monday reaffirmation U.S. And West Germany Louvre accord aim stabilise currencies. His office Lawson welcome outcome meeting U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Frankfurt. After meeting Bonn finance ministry spokesman quote Stoltenberg say confident foreign currency stabilise current levels. The meeting Baker criticise West Germany increase key rate say line February's Louvre accord. Reuter 

Shr 28 ct v 46 ct Net 1634000 v 2007000 Avg shrs 5850000 v 4400000 Nine Mths Shr 82 ct v 1.77 dlrs Net 4788000 v 7792000 Avg shrs 5850000 v 4400000 Loans 586.9 mln v 481.5 mln Deposits 697.4 mln v 606.2 mln Assets 797.2 mln v 683.4 mln Note: Full name Sun State Savings Loan Association. Reuter 

California Water Service Co shareholder approve two-for-one stock split special meeting Monday. The company share mail October 30 holder record October 20. Separately company declare 37-3/8 ct share common stock dividend paid shares. The dividend payable November 14 holder record November company said. Last quarter California Water paid dividend 73-3/4 ct share. Reuter 

Shr 2.10 dlrs v 1.83 dlrs Net 5919000 v 5168000 Revs 35.0 mln v 34.3 mln Nine Mths Shr 5.09 dlrs v 3.55 dlrs Net 14391000 v 10099000 Revs 88 mln v 83.7 mln Note: Curent nine mth figure include 2.2 mln dlr 79 ct share gain result change accounting method unbilled revenues. Reuter 

The Pacific Stock Exchange close half hour pile unfilled order heavy record volume 11 mln share Exchange official said. As trader remain floor San Francisco Los Angeles madly try balance account close Exchange Chairman Maurice Menn told news conference trading nevertheless begin tomorrow 0630 Pacific Daylight Time. Menn told reporter price seat exchange drop 86000 dlrs 100100 dlrs week ago. Menn 134000 option contract trade compare record 202000 contract friday. Traders Los Angeles San Francisco volume curbed purely inability fill order chaos create exchange tape fall hour behind make nearly impossible accurate price readings. "If able execute order 20 mln share traded" Richard Goforth partner Crowell Weedon Co trade Los Angles floor Pacific Exchange. Traders San Francisco unconfirmed report brokerage alone order 50000 share unable fill late trading. The trader exchange official action Pacific Exchange deviate New York buying give panic sell close left Dow Jones Industrial Average record 508 points. "We pretty mirror New York... couldn't fill order couldn't fill either" Goforth. While trader bracing themselves low opening tomorrow Mann attribute today's dive panic trader monetary policy market recover. "It depends politician do...There's reason cannot back. This abnormality justification this. People nervous" said. Mann note see trader San Francisco leave floor close. In Los Angeles office manager comment unusual trader feet. "Usually they're sit study market move fast don't chance" said. In San Francisco 50 sidewalk outside jammed lobby Charles Schwab Co strain discount brokerage house's ticker display. "I can't believe it" mumble onlooker. Reuter 

The Great Atlantic Pacific Tea Co Inc withdrew offer acquire Delchamps Inc DLCH.O> 27 dlrs share 175 mln dlrs earlier month. Michael Rourke A P vice president company withdrew offer Delchamps respond favorably market conditions. He comment whether A P offer acquire Delchamps. Reuter 

The massive stock market correction Wall Street force decline Japanese share price decline similar proportion occur due economic factor Setsuya Tabuchi chairman board Nomura Securities Co Ltd. "There inflation worry Japan possibility rate rises" Tabuchi told reporters. He Japan high saving rate provide fund investment countries. "If rate rise worldwide Japan raise discount rate possibility Japanese rate increase small U.S. Britain West Germany" Tabuchi said. However note Nikkei Dow stock index Tokyo stock exchange Dow Jones Industrial average move tandem past years. The Dow fell 508 point 1738 Monday large percentage decline First World War. The Tokyo index fell 620.18 25746.56 Monday sixth large decline record. Reuter 

Shr 38 ct v 52 ct Net 3980000 v 5524000 Revs 37.4 mln v 44.8 mln Nine mths Shr 76 ct v 99 ct Net 7983000 v 10.5 mln Revs 100.4 mln v 123.6 mln NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include loss 9000 dlrs 432000 dlrs ct share repurchase retirment debt. Reuter 

Italian Prime Minister Giovanni Goria told cabinet Monday worried increase tension Gulf America's retaliation Iran limited. A statement issue cabinet meeting Goria inform United States action Iranian target Gulf know beforehand action involve attack oil platform. "The prime minister express concern consequence increase tension Gulf recognize limited character American military reaction attack suffer past days" statement said. Goria Italy's ship platform attack fleet advise follow event caution. Italy sent eight ship include frigate minesweeper Gulf protect Italian merchant shipping there. Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp raise short-term rating A-1-plus A-1 Kyowa Bank Ltd. S P cite steady progress major area operation past years. The upward trend profitability partly reflect decrease operating expense margin historically strong S P added. It Kyowa's capital ratio compare favorably domestic international banking peer credit substantial level hidden reserves. Management appear capable take necessary step cope financial deregulation domestic market S P added. Reuter 

Shr 59 ct v 27 ct Net 6398000 v 2979000 Revs 91.0 mln v 94.1 mln Avg shrs 10.8 mln v 11.2 mln Nine mths Shr 1.58 dlrs v 1.06 dlrs Net 17.2 mln v 12.2 mln Revs 279.7 mln v 289.1 mln Avg shrs 10.9 mln v 11.4 mln Reuter 

Media General Inc's chairman D. Tennant Bryant sell control share block impossible investor lead Giant Group Ltd> gain control company. The investor include Barris Industries BRRS.O> recently report acquire 9.8 pct stake Media General's class A share seek control. Bryant company's class A stock elect 30 pct board remain 70 pct elect class B share two-thirds control Bryant trust intention sell shares. Reuter 

AMCA International expect earn profit fourth quarter exceed third quarter result. The company earn 4.9 mln dlrs third quarter earlier loss 56.2 mln. However payment prefer dividend lose cent share loss 1.79 dlrs share year. In 1986 fourth quarter company operating loss 4.9 mln dlrs 98 cent share. It positive outlook base expect debt bill reduction improve backlog orders. The company board approve decision sell Manitoba Rolling Mills. It elaborate. Reuter 

U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker met West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl Frankfurt Monday Bonn Finance Ministry spokesman said. After meeting spokesman quote Stoltenberg say confident foreign currency stabilise current levels. The meeting Baker criticise West Germany increase short-term money market rates. He rise line spirit Louvre accord aim stabilize U.S. dollar February. The meeting arrange week spokesman said. Baker Stoltenberg Poehl agree pursue policy agree Louvre pact reference currency stability monetary policy. Earlier Monday Bundesbnak inject liquidity West German money market move money market dealer interpret attempt West German monetary authority curb rate rises. The spokesman described Monday's talk call private positive. Reuter 

U.S. bank executive precipitous fall stock market continued force bank demand collateral stock loan hurt consumer borrowing. But leader American Bankers Association hold annual convention drop probably temporary market eventually recover strength economy. "The underlie basic economy strong" Mark Olson president ABA large U.S. banker said. Reuter 

Iranian foreign minister ali akbar velayati two-day official visit inform cuban foreign ministry official monday tense situation gulf diplomatic source said. They envoy's trip follow tuesday visit nicaragua link mediation non-aligned movement seven-year-old iran-iraq rule prominent cuban role it. Velayati reach comment U.S. Attack abandon iranian oil rig monday tehran vowed avenge. Reuter 

Shr loss nine ct v loss 1.03 dlrs Net profit 100000 v loss 11.6 mln Revs 125.2 mln v 71.8 mln Nine mths Shr loss 2.46 dlrs v loss 98 ct Net loss 26.9 mln v loss 8.5 mln Revs 355.4 mln v 215.6 mln NOTE: 1987 qtr include loss 5.9 mln dlrs non-recurring after-tax charge due entirely company's recent buyout Tilden Mine debt obligations. 1987 nine mths include loss 23.7 mln dlrs pre-tax charge reduce carry value company's 17 land drilling rigs. 1987 nine mths include pre-tax gain 1.2 mln dlrs sale uranium reserves. 1986 nine mths include pre-tax gain 20.6 mln dlrs sale iron ore western Australia. Reuter 

A proposal require import tropical oil label saturate fat suffer narrow possibly debilitate defeat U.S. Senate. The Senate Agriculture Committee reject proposal 10-8 vote virtually snuff U.S. soybean producers' hope plan adopt year. A similar proposal headway House. Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) offer proposal amendment farm spending reduction package. "I don't trade issue. I give American consumer information need" said. Proponents measure include American Soybean Association claimed palm palm kernel coconut oil saturate fat contribute heart disease. The U.S. soybean industry believe label indicate tropical oil saturate fat discourage consumption oil import primarily Malaysia Indonesia Philippines. But Sen. Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) read letter U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter proposal "blatantly discriminates" import impossible defend international trade law harm relation Philippines Malaysia Indonesia. Yeutter's letter Americans derive saturate fat meat dairy product relatively little tropical oils. The committee vote largely party line Democrats join seven Republicans oppose measure. Reuter 

Morrison Knudsen Corp third quarter earnings report release backlog uncompleted contract Sept 30 stood 3.8 billion dlrs third high level company's history. Morrison Knudsen backlog 20 pct above 3.16 billion dlrs report ago. Morrison 70 mn dlrs charge closing real estate development operations. It 47 mn dlrs pretax provision estimate loss construction mining shipbuilding projects. Reuter 

Shr ct v ct Net 456000 v 272000 Sales 15 mln v 14.4 mln Nine mths Shr six ct v 23 ct Net 992000 v 3812000 Sales 41.1 mln v 45.4 mln Order backlog 46 mln v 24.3 mln Note: 1986 figure include gain 2.9 mln dlr 17 ct share insurance proceeds. Reuter 

Oper shr 45 ct v 42 ct Oper net 33.0 mln v 31.1 mln Revs 749.8 mln v 716.5 mln Nine mths Oper shr 1.23 dlrs v 1.11 dlrs Oper net 91.1 mln v 81.3 mln Revs 2.2 billion v 2.1 billion NOTE: Prior nine mths qtr excludes loss 2.3 mln dlrs due discontinue operations. Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp affirm A-1-plus commercial paper Perkin-Elmer Corp. S P cite expectation firm show sustain long-term profit improvement recent restructuring. After lackluster profitability cut operation activity concentrate promising product line reduce firm's overall cost base S P noted. It add cash flow strengthen due anticipate improvement asset management. Balance sheet strength continue substantial liquidity debt total capital 22 pct July 31 S P said. Reuter 

Gary Associates LP previously seek control Gull Inc increase stake Gull common stock 388900 share 7.7 pct total outstanding previous figure approximately 318000 share 6.2 pct. In filing Securities Exchange Commission Gary Associates net purchase 70900 Gull common share 15 dlrs 18.62 dlrs share. Gary Associates mention takeover attempt report SEC. Reuter 

Shr 92 ct v 91 ct Net 24.1 mln v 22.7 mln Avg shrs 25.4 mln v 24.8 mln Nine mths Shr 20 ct v 2.58 dlrs Net 6028000 v 62.7 mln Avg shrs 25.4 mln v 24.3 mln Assets 10.3 billion v 9.21 billion Deposits 7.10 billion v 6.32 billion Loans 6.52 billion v 5.60 billion Reuter 

Unocal Corp raise post price U.S. grade crude oil 50 ct barrel effective October 16. The move brings price company pay U.S. benchmark grade West Texas Intermediate West Texas Sour 19 dlrs barrel. The price change September 9 Unocal said. Reuter 

Shr 18 ct v 14 ct Net 1852000 v 1488000 Revs 44.7 mln v 35.9 mln Nine mths Shr 41 ct v 34 ct Net 4233000 v 3512000 Revs 123.8 mln v 98.4 mln NOTE: Full Name American Management Systems Inc. Reuter 

European Community Commission President Jacques Delors call swift convene meeting G-7 country follow instability today's trading money stock markets. He told press conference here: "G-7 meet discreetly quickly." Delors dollar fall far mark level 1.60 European Monetary System undergo "test fire." Delors current problem market cause excessive growth financial trading excessive deregulation failure fundamental economy adapt themselves quickly change circumstances. He "profoundly unjust" blame recent increase West Germany. Reuter 

The Pacific Stock Exchange closing price release even due malfunction Exchange's computer system. Reuter 

New York Stock Exchange chairman John Phelan stock market underwent significant correction characterize crash. He NYSE tomorrow time. "The market underwent significant fall significant devaluation asset concerned" said. Speaking reporter Phelan list reason market fell today. He stock five correction. He blame inflation fear rise rate low dollar problem Iran. "All together nervous market" said. "It's near meltdown I see" Phelan said. Phelan meant meltdown snowball effect sell fed itself. Phelan NYSE standard procedure trading begin tomorrow. Those procedure include check member firm liquidity margin position backlog. "We firm significant change moment" said. Asked advice average investor Phelan "We market up." The Dow Jones Industrial average decline record 508 point 1738.74. Volume record set 605 mln share double previous record. Phelan response question decline foreign market believe loss confidence global economy. He add underlie fundamental U.S. economy strong corporate earnings continue firm. Phelan explain today's record descent result confluence factor include globalization market proliferation security instruments. Those factor alone market volatile said. Phelan major factor decline major correction five-year bull market. He point rise tension Mideast Gulf. The New York Stock Exchange constant contact Securities Exchange Commission halt trading exchange Phelan said. "The consensus market try out" said. In addition Phelan global nature trading guarantee halt trading New York Stock Exchange serve purpose. Phelan contact Treasury department White House Federal Reserve contact matter routine. Reuter 

U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker met West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl West Germany agree support Louvre pact Treasury Department said. The Treasury described meeting "a positive private meeting Frankfurt West Germany agree week. "The party agree continue economic cooperation Louvre agreement flexible application include cooperation exchange rate stability monetary policies" Treasury said. The Treasury Baker Stoltenberg "are consult G-7 colleague confident enable foster exchange rate stability current levels." The Louvre pact agreement Group Seven lead industrial country include United States West Germany promote currency stability. Baker schedule visit Scandinavia Belgium week department earlier refuse release detail travel itinerary cite security considerations. Reuter 

Shr 23 ct v 18 ct Net 249920 v 194369 Revs 3752641 v 3355563 NOTE: Full name Scicom Data Services Ltd. Reuter 

Shr profit ct v profit nine ct Net profit 102136 v profit 307516 Revs 8549182 v 8469476 Nine mths Shr loss 13 ct v profit 28 ct Net loss 458823 v profit 1014969 Revs 25.5 mln v 24.6 mln Reuter 

President Reagan concerned record drop stock price remains convince basis administration talk financial expert economy remains sound White House said. White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater write statement Reagan "watched concern" decline Wall Street Dow Jones industrial average plunge 500 points. The statement Reagan direct administration official consult lead financial expert include chairman Federal Reserve Securities Exchance Commission New York Stock Exchange. "These consultation confirm view underlie economy remains sound" Fitzwater said. The White House statement issue 45 minute stock market close appear design calm investor worried U.S. economic propects. "We long peacetime expansion history. Employment high level ever. Manufacturing output up. The trade deficit adjust change currency steadily improving. And chairman Federal Reserve Board recently state evidence resurgence inflation United States" Fitzwater said. He Reagan keep close watch market United States country wave sell developed Monday. "We continue closely monitor developments" Fitzwater said. However three-paragraph statement give hint action Reagan stock market plunge continues. The percentage drop 22.6 percent Monday large exceed 24.4 percent drop Dec. 12 1914. It easily eclipse fall 12.8 percent Oct. 28 1929 help spark Great Depression. Reagan top adviser discuss market crisis American naval force retaliate Friday's allege Iranian missile attack U.S. flag Kuwaiti tanker Gulf White House issue luncheon. Presidential aide told reporter luncheon official statement likely issue market closed. Reuter 

Qtly div 39 ct v 39 ct Pay December 31 Record December 4 Reuter 

Shr 19 ct v 38 ct Net 397000 v 788000 Nine mths Shr 80 ct v 1.19 dlrs Net 1674000 v 2455000 NOTE: Company provide asset deposit loan figures. Reuter 

Shr 99 ct v Net 1943000 v Nine mths Shr 2.35 dlrs v Net 4602000 v NOTE: Full name Gateway Federal Savings Loan Association. Latest qtr include tax credit 909000 dlrs 46 cent share. Latest nine mths include tax credit 2330000 dlrs 1.19 dlrs. 1986 figure company June 2 1987. Reuter 

Shr five ct v eight ct Net 100000 v 176000 Revs 4027000 v 3649000 NOTE: 1986 qtr include gain 90000 dlrs ct share tax gain. Reuter 

Texaco Inc removal sulphur emission hot coal gas inside Texaco's coal gasifier study two-phase five-year agree U.S. Energy Department. Texaco total 17 mln dlrs joint government/industry funding. The company agree tp contribute minimum 20 pct cost said. The agreement call DOE fund remainder Texaco add private sector share grow organization joint test prgram. Texaco experimental technique involves inject "sorbents" iron oxide calcium compound directly gasification vessel proprietary Coal Gasification Process. Such situ sulphur capture reduce eliminate separte clean-up device syhthetic gas produce coal company explained. Reuter 

Atlantic Richfield's Arco Oil Gas Co increase contract price crude oil 50 ct barrel effective today. Arco 50 ct increase brings post price West Texas Intermediate U.S. benchmark grade 19.00 dlrs barrel. The price West Texas Sour increase 18.10 dlrs. Light Louisiana Sweet raise 19.35 dlrs. The price change September 30. Reuter 

Shr 39 ct v 39 ct Net 24.4 mln v 23.8 mln Revs 425.9 mln v 396.2 mln Nine mths Shr 1.23 dlrs v 1.04 dlrs Net 76.3 mln v 64.1 mln Revs 1.26 billion v 1.12 billion NOTE: Net adjust account recent 2-for-1 split company's common. Qtr 1986 include seven ct shr gain due net after-tax foreign currency exchange effect. Reuter 

Oper shr loss 2.51 dlrs v profit 94 ct Oper net loss 27.2 mln v profit 10.3 mln Revs 464.2 mln v 504.6 mln Nine mths Oper shr loss 1.33 dlrs v profit 2.57 dlrs Oper net loss 14.4 mln v profit 28.2 mln Revs 1.41 billion v 1.55 billion NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths excludes loss 41.1 mln dlrs 3.79 dlrs share loss 41.8 mln dlrs 3.87 dlrs share respectively discontinue real estate operations. 1986 qtr nine mths include loss 126000 dlrs cent share gain 304000 dlrs ct share respectively discontinue operations. Reuter 

Merrill Lynch Co Inc confident financial market despite unprecedented decline stock market. "America's economic strong inherent ability correct remains fundamentally sound" chairman William Schreyer president Daniel Tully statement. "We recognize emotion run period experiencing. However critical reason objectivity prevail" said. Reuter 

Shr 19 ct v 38 ct Net 397000 v 788000 Nine mths Shr 80 ct v 1.19 dlrs Net 1674000 v 2455000 NOTE: Company provide asset deposit loan figures. Reuter 

Taco Bell Corp unit Pepsico Inc increase stake Calny Inc common stock 1349884 share 27.9 pct total outstanding previous figure approximately 1230107 share 25.4 pct. In filing Securities Exchange Commission Taco Bell bought 119867 Calny common share October 15 16 10.75 dlrs share. No reason recent purchases. Reuter 

Groupe Macyro Inc agree buy Quebec construction wholesaler (Nap Dumont (1982) Ltd) (Nap Transport Cie Ltd) 3.5 mln dlrs. Macyro company operate construction material electiricty plumbing hardware locksmithing sector sale 23.5 mln dlrs year. Reuter 

Oper shr profit 62 ct v profit seven ct Oper net profit 3492000 v profit 401000 Revs 62.8 mln v 62.0 mln Nine mths Oper shr profit 1.26 dlrs v loss 42 ct Oper net profit 7131000 v loss 2344000 Revs 190.3 mln v 180.0 mln NOTE: 1986 period end September 28. Results exclude extraordinary gain net loss carryforward 228000 dlrs ct shr 1987 3rd qtr 1043000 dlrs 18 ct 1987 nine mths. 1986 nine mth result exclude earnings discontinue operation 7549000 dlrs 1.34 dlrs. Reuter 

Shr loss ct v loss 1.79 dlrs Net profit 4959000 v loss 56.2 mln Revs 290.3 mln v 245.0 mln Nine mths Shr loss 75 ct v loss 1.78 dlrs Net loss 9390000 v loss 44.2 mln Revs 800.8 mln v 838.6 mln NOTE: Full name AMCA International Ltd. Results U.S. dlrs. Latest qtr earnings include pension refund 10 mln dlrs represent loss ct shr payment prefer dividends. Reuter 

The U.S. Chamber Commerce statement phenomenal sell-off stock market likely run course. The chamber "there justification dramatic downward correction." While concede justifiable concern inflation high rate low dollar uncertainty overcompensate recent week Chamber said. Reuter 

Par Pharmaceutical Inc receive approval Food Drug Administration application manufacture market generic drug Leucovorin Calcium tablet form. Par begin market drug dosage strength five mg 25 mg. Leucovorin calcium generic name Wellcovorin product Burroughs Wellcome Co> adjunct cancer therapy company said. Reuter 

Shr 1.17 dlrs v 80 ct Net 5500000 v 3500000 Nine month Shr 3.30 dlrs v 2.10 dlrs Net 15.1 mln v 9.2 mln Assets 1.6 billion v 1.4 billion Deposits 1.3 billion v 1.1 billion Loans 947.0 mln v 822.0 mln Reuter 

Yugoslavia's ambitious economic recovery anti-inflation plan face major hurdle implement Yugoslav economist Western diplomat said. Prime Minister Branko Mikulic Monday propose tax hit income earner moonlighter property saving government plan rein country's 123 pct inflation. He propose price wage restraint trim repayment 20 billion dlr foreign debt line currency earn abiltiy. "The tax anger Yugoslavs struggle soar price resist Parliament" Western diplomatic source said. Yugoslav economist Mikulic's draft plan left question unanswered. "It list goal concrete measures" senior Yugoslav economist lead Yugoslav research institute. The news agency Tanjug optimistic. It proposal indicate "real economic reforms" coming. Further detail Mikulic summarise Parliament appear day ahead draft debate vote deputy November. "The goal good" lead Belgrade economist said. "No argue that. But million dollar question government program implemented." Zoran Popov senior research fellow The Belgrade Institute Industrial Economy exist proposal difficult effect. "A change taxation require change constitution" said. "Mikulic's speech tell want how." "It anti-inflationary" diplomat said. "But question tax black economy government job home." Economists diplomat proposal resist deputy Yugoslavia's constituent republic province defence regional interests. Such resistance block nationwide implementation federal government economic policy past occasions. Reuter 

New Jersey investor David F. Bolger deliver request special meeting Cleveland-Cliffs Inc CLF> shareholder represent 25 pct total voting share company. Bolger head own 6.4 pct Cleveland-Cliff's outstanding stock seek special meeting remove current board director elect nominees. The Bolger call special shareholder meeting prior company's recent issuance mln share Bolger said. Reuter 

William Crowe chairman U.S. Joint Chiefs Staff predict Iran retaliate U.S. strike oil platform Iranian option limited. "They determined. They easily deter stress commitment risk free casualty free." He likely Iranian response involve terrorism lay mines. "They obviously look way probably line 'silent hand' try far" Crowe told American Stock Exchange conference. He decline comment reporter's query whether favor strong move Iran order president. "We carry operation decide carry enthusiasm I professionally done" Crowe said. Reuter 

Jefferies Co make market Allegis Corp 67 68. The New York Stock Exchange halt stock close 75 imbalance. A Jefferies official firm specializes third market trading stay tonight "to accomodate customers." Reuter 

The U.S. Agriculture Department withdrawn offer dairy cattle Egypt Export Enhancement Program. The department initiative 10000 dairy cattle announce September 12 1986 sale 3501 approve date. The department objective complete sale announce initiative initiative continued sufficient sale activity occurs. It give exporter day notice withdrawn keep regulation program. Reuter 

Standard Poor's Corp affirm 100 mln dlrs subordinate debt B-plus certificate deposit BB/B. S P cite firm's restructuring result 380 mln dlr third quarter loss. The loss primarily due amortization 330 mln dlrs goodwill agency said. It add amortization affect tangible net worth consider reflection economic reality. Goodwill remains total equity capital level remain weak. The below-average core profitability enhance firm's focus S P said. Reuter 

Wall Street tumble bad loss bad percentage decline First World War frenzy stock sell stun bearish market participants. "Everyone awe word 'crash' everyone's mind" trader said. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 508 point 1738 level Autumn 1986. Volume soar 603 mln share double previous record 338 mln trade Friday. Reuter 

The New York Stock Exchange hold press conference 16:20 EDT. The exchange release far details. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 500 point trading Monday exceed Oct 28 1929 decline herald Great Depression. Reuter 

Fortune Financial Group Inc extend stock repurchase additional six months. The April extend April 16 1988 company said. Last April board authorize repurchase 400000 common share 111200 repurchase company said. The company purchase 288800 share market. Reuter 

The Pacific Stock Exchange plan close 1300 pdt normal closing 1330 pdt extraordinary volume transactions. The exchange closing rotation equity option series determine single closing price match outstnding market orders. Daily trading volume normally total 8-1/2 nine mln share exchange spokesman add volume total eight mln share one-half hour ago. "There's lot anxiety course panic" stock exchange spokesman Don Alexander trading activity. "I everybody's hold situation well." The stock market suffer bad setback history Monday. After close trading New York Stock Exchange preliminary figure indicate record 507.99 drop Dow Jones Industrial average. Reuter 

Ametek Inc board approve purchase company's stock. It announce director review increase quarterly dividend regular November meeting consider payment 15 ct share recently split stock. Ametek equal 30 ct share share 25 ct quarterly paid previously. The company provide detail stock repurchase program. It note purchase time-to-time past. Reuter 

Shr 11 ct v nine ct Net 105489 v 88929 Revs 2306697 v 2066636 Nine mths Shr 17 ct v 14 ct Net 167960 v 136856 Revs 6714468 v 6026343 NOTE: 1987 qtr nine mths include tax gain 64200 dlrs 102200 dlrs respectively. 1986 qtr nine mths include tax gain 78000 dlrs 107000 dlrs respectively. Reuter 

Shr five ct v seven ct Net 80642 v 115222 Revs 7833570 v 5739443 Nine mths Shr five ct v 1.11 dlrs Net 80773 v 1743828 Revs 21.6 mln v 16.3 mln Reuter 

Qtly div 50 ct v 50 ct prior Pay December 10 Record November 13 Reuter 

Primary shr 68 ct v 65 ct Diluted shr 62 ct v 60 ct Net 6053000 v 5803000 Revs 101.4 mln v 94.8 mln Primary avg shrs 8955000 v 8963000 Diluted avg shrs 11031000 v 11010000 Nine month Primary shr 1.74 dlrs v 1.83 dlrs Diluted shr 1.64 dlrs v 1.69 dlrs Net 15.6 mln v 16.3 mln Revs 291.4 mln v 266.7 mln Primary avg shrs 8974000 v 8936000 Diluted avg shrs 11053000 v 10994000 NOTE: 1986 third qtr result exclude extraordinary 811000 dlr gain termination pension plan. 1986 nine month result include 1804000 dlr gain June 1986 sale National Sanitary Supply common stock initial offering. Reuter 

Shr 27 ct v 21 ct Net 988000 v 784000 Nine mths Shr 82 ct Net 3040000 v 2089000 Assets 284.2 mln v 244.0 mln Loans 203.7 mln v 133.5 mln Deposits 211.7 mln v 179.5 mln NOTE: 1986 nine mths share available bank convert stock form May 22 1986. Reuter 

Shr 41 ct v 47 ct Net 1002000 v 931000 Avg shrs 2452171 v 1975422 Nine mths Shr 1.23 dlrs v 1.41 dlrs Net 3014000 v 2776000 Avg shrs 2444591 v 1967539 Reuter 

Shr ct v ct Net 109000 v 67000 Sales 11.3 mln v 11.3 mln Nine mths Shr seven ct v 99 ct Net 221000 v 3213000 Sales 30.6 mln v 35.9 mln Order backlog 22.7 mln v 13.5 mln Note: 1986 figure include insurance proceeds 2.5 mln dlr 78 ct share. Reuter 

Shr profit 22 ct v loss 22 ct Net profit 430373 v loss 433395 Sales 7723838 v 6219157 Nine mths Shr profit 49 ct v loss 1.20 dlrs Net profit 960008 v loss 2338286 Sales 23.2 mln v 19.9 mln NOTE: 1986 data restate reflect operation discontinue 1986 1986 earnings exclude loss discontinue operation 319055 dlrs 16 ct share quarter 906962 dlrs 46 ct share nine month Reuter 

Allied-Signal Aerospace Co unit Allied-Signal Inc ALD> Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc sign agreement develop full color liquid crystal active matrix flat panel display cockpit instrument display system Ovonic Imaging said. The display system airplane spacecraft. Under agreement Ovonic unit Energy Conversion Devices Inc ENER.O> receive payment 4.5 mln dlrs base completion development milestones. Reuter 

Treasury balance Federal Reserve rise October 16 12.813 billion dlrs 9.985 billion dlrs previous Treasury late budget statement. Balances tax loan note account rise 28.398 billion dlrs 28.117 billion dlrs respective days. The Treasury's operating cash balance total 41.211 billion dlrs October 16 compare 38.102 billion dlrs October 15. Reuter 

U.S. warship destroyed Iranian oil platform Gulf Monday Navy raid oil rig retaliation Friday's Iranian missile attack U.S. flag tanker Pentagon said. President Reagan Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger warn Iran strong countermeasure military escalation country continued volatile waterway. Reagan order strike platform U.S. destroyer fire 1000 five-inch shell Rostam oil rig 120 mile east Bahrain central Gulf. A short Navy personnel board Iranian oil platform five mile north destroyed radar communication equipment leave structure Pentagon said. Defense Department spokesman Fred Hoffman told reporter platform abandon Iranian personnel shell destruction rig. The United States platform keep track Gulf merchant shipping launch speedboat attack shipping Iranian Revolutionary guards. Reuter 

Gulf Western Inc's publishing unit Simon Schuster agree principle acquire Woodhead-Faulkner (Publishers) Ltd> British-based publisher professional consumer book undisclosed terms. Upon completion propose transaction Woodhead-Faulkner Simon Schuster's International Group U.K. include Simon Schuster trade book Prentice Hall academic texts. Simon Schuster Woodhead-Faulkner continue publish name. The company continue direction Martin Woodhead report Henry Hirschberg president Simon Schuster's International Group. Woodhead-Faulkner found 1972 publishes international banking finance investment books. Reuter 

Shr 52 ct v 45 ct Net 2623000 v 2256000 Nine mths Shr 1.55 dlrs v 1.45 dlrs Net 7744000 v 6542000 Reuter 

Shr 16 ct v 14 ct Net 954000 v 777000 Revs 24.7 mln v 21.5 mln Avg shrs 6000000 v 6000000 Nine mths Shr 39 ct v 34 ct Net 2314000 v 1805000 Revs 69.2 mln v 59.3 mln Avg shrs 6000000 v 5363000 Reuter 

Culp Inc cite low margin expect income operation quarter end October 31 low year-ago period. But Culp due capital gain sale Culp Industrial Fabrics unit net income quarter high 1.5 mln dlrs 35 ct share earn 1986 third quarter. Culp expect difficult current fiscal match 5.2 mln dlrs earn end May 2 1987 include capital gain sale division. Reuter 

Canada's economy strong outlook remains positive despite sharp fall stock price Canadian exchange Finance Minister Michael Wilson told House Commons. "I look confidence performance economy...I sound economy Canada" Wilson response opposition party questions. Wilson note relative stability Canadian exchange bond market reject opposition demand form action. "There quite stability (currency) exchange bond market morning I don't reason try action that's anticipate somethnng happen" Wilson said. The Canadian dollar held steady 77 U.S. mark Toronto Stock Exchange's composite index 292.20 point 3306.40 late trading Monday. Reuter 

A major South African mining Monday report gold mine suffer huge loss result black miners' strike August cripple half country's crucial gold mines. Johannesburg Consolidated Investment Company six major mining house mine suffer combine net loss 9.7 mln dlrs month end-September compare profit 8.6 mln dlrs precede quarter. It indication real economic impact big wage strike history gold mining industry account nearly half value South Africa's total exports. "The result pretty disastrous primarily due impact strike" Ken Maxwell Johannesburg Consolidated's gold division told news conference Johannesburg. "We haven't recover strike yet" add 70 percent underground mining group's big mine Randfontein Estates halt three-week strike. Johannesburg Consolidated control company giant Anglo American Corp. hard-hit three-week miners' strike refuse disclose production losses. Anglo American due report quarterly gold-mine profit week. Reuter 

Shr 86 ct v 74 ct Net 11.1 mln v 8.6 mln Revs 87.7 mln v 80.5 mln Avg shrs 12857904 v 11578259 Nine mths Shr 2.61 dlrs v 2.15 dlrs Net 32.6 mln v v 24.8 mln Revs 269.8 mln v 257.8 mln Avg shrs 12482780 v 11502035 12 mths Shr 3.28 dlrs v 2.80 dlrs Net 40.3 mln v 32.1 mln Revs 355.4 mln v 342.1 mln Avg shrs 12271220 v 11457028 Reuter 

The European Community willing offer limited concession United States major issue threaten poison trade relation EC commission spokesman said. He offer meeting month U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter EC External Relations Commissioner Willy de Clercq. EC Farm Commissioner Frans Andriessen told agriculture minister meeting Luxembourg EC willing temporary arrangement lighten impact U.S. Exports EC plan ban sale meat animal fed growth hormone spokesman said. Washington trade reprisal EC proceeds ban January 1 European country quickly cut see unfair subsidy maker Airbus airliner harm U.S. Manufacturers. It claim hormone ban scientific basis rob 130 mln dlrs' worth export year. Diplomatic source Yeutter-de Clercq meeting London involve aerospace minister France Britain West Germany Spain country involve Airbus project. Reuter 

FMC Corp Marine Colloids division award patent anti-icing fluid thicken carrageenan seaplant extract. The company patent cover glycol-based anti-icing solution contain gel-forming carrageenan amount sufficient thicken fluid promote adherence surfaces. FMC intend grant license patent interested chemical producer equipment users. Reuter 

British Foreign Secretary Sir Geoffrey Howe back United States' attack Iranian oil platform Monday worsen Gulf crisis. "The United States fully entitle military action exercise right self-defense imminent threat far attacks" Howe statement issue London. The United States force destroyed platform Monday retaliation Iranian missile attack U.S.- flag Kuwaiti ship Friday. Referring attack Howe add "I trust Iranians fully understand continued attack enhance justification firm action self-defense." At press conferenced Luxembourg meeting European Community (EC) minister Howe statement senior Iranian official America involve full-scale war. "It profoundly undesirable quite unjustified Iran react way" said. Reuter 

The Dow Jones Industrial average plunge 1844.97 404 decline lead market indicator. The Dow index touch 1840 level November 1986. Reuter 

Qtly div cent v 10 ct prior quarter Payable November 16 Record November Reuter 

American Telephone Telegraph Co support Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) plan establish price ceiling ATT long-distance service replacement current regulation. The company respond FCC proposal August 4 price cap replace current rate-of-return regulation past 20 years. ATT vigorous competition long-distance industry obsolete rate-of-return stipulates company earn fix rate -- currently 12.2 pct -- investment. The company term price cap "transitional step" hop FCC support regulatory oversight consist streamline tariff process. Reuter 

AFG Industries Inc board authorize management buy mln common share 15.7 pct AFG stock outstanding market. The company action take current market conditions. It repurchase share return treasury corporate purpose stock option plans. Reuter 

J.P. Morgan Co Inc third-quarter net income rise 3.6 pct 219.2 mln dlrs 211.5 mln earlier partly reduce loan-loss provision low income tax bill. For nine month Morgan post loss 140.8 mln dlrs compare profit 682.4 mln period 1986 aside 875 mln dlrs reserve quarter shaky third-world loans. The provision loan loss quarter 20 mln dlrs 70 mln earlier. Morgan's tax bill 52.4 mln dlrs quarter 85.3 mln earlier mainly benefit associate second-quarter loan-loss provision. Net earnings fell 474.3 mln dlrs 526.5 mln net yield narrow 2.71 pct 3.13 pct 1.3 billion dlrs Brazilian loan remain non-accrual. Non-interest operating income 296 mln dlrs 292.8 mln. Net charge-offs halve 16 mln dlrs. Expenses jumped 18 pct 387.3 mln dlrs personnel cost accounting half increase. The effect low dollar overseas cost factor. Reuter 

CCR Video Corp receive offer enter negotiation Intercep Investment Corp> Vancouver B.C. acquire control company tender offer. CCR negotiation determine term CCR board support Intercep tender offer. Additional detail immediately available. Reuter 