Apple Computer Inc announce addition machine profitable Macintosh line personal computer aim market. The Macintosh introduce January 1984 upgraded time then. Both machine Macintosh SE Macintosh II faster versatile considerably expensive earlier models. The Mac SE (SE stand "system expansion") Apple say operate 15-20 pct faster current Mac Plus go sale today. It carry suggest retail price range 2899 3699 dlrs depend features. The Mac II design run time faster Mac Plus ready shipping May price 4798 6998 dlrs. Mac Plus market ago sell 2200 dlrs. Both computer unveiled AppleWorld Conference Los Angeles. Company official express hope computer press briefing Friday especially high-performance Mac II design Apple entree expand market science engineering workstations. John Sculley Apple chairman chief executive officer decline estimate anticipate sale Mac SE contribute significantly Apple's bottom line year. He appeal mainstream PC users. "I believe Mac SE product choice people" said. "My real product revenue." Bruce Lupatkin senior technology analyst Hambrecht  Quist San Francisco see computer expect product well. "Apple recognize convergence computer function all-purpose workstation" told Reuters. "The graphic interface Mac product significantly anything IBM date." International Business Machines expect announce update personal computer spring. The Mac II us Motorola 68020 microprocessor "open architecture" allows addition numerous peripheral device built-in hard disk megabyte memory expandable eight megabytes. It equip 12-inch monochrome 13-inch color monitor. In demonstration speed company executive Mac II push development software Apple computer direction include sophisticated video edit electronic mail system sound reproduction suitable studio use. The Mac II upgraded monitor display 256 color shade gray. The Mac SE built 68000 microprocessor ship megabyte RAM expandable megabyte nine-inch monochrome screen. Both computer optional keyboard feature Apple line products. Reuter 