Bolivia Latin America's delinquent debtor prepare International Monetary Fund agreement economic stabilisation effectively slow inflation reduce spending. A fund spokesman IMF team visit La Paz shortly discus term agreement. He IMF disburse 130 mln dlrs 20 mln dlrs pending agreement end month. The accord provide stand-by loan compensatory financing facility structural adjustment facility. The spokesman agreement renew Bolivia expect far 60-mln-dlr stand-by loan 12 months. Bolivia's agreement IMF 1980 open reschedule negotiation Paris Club Argentina Brazil hold 2.5 billion dlrs Bolivia's 4.0-billion-dlr foreign debt. Central Bank President Javier Nogales told Reuters negotiation Paris Club yet finalise extremely successful. Nogales Paris Club agree reschedule Bolivia's debt 10 five six grace waive payment 1988. Bilateral discussion rate continue said. Nogales Bolivia expect 400 mln dlrs disbursement lender country international agency include World Bank Inter-American Development Bank diplomatic banking source figure closer 300 mln dlrs. Nogales Bolivia's net international reserve 250 mln dlrs mln dlrs President Ictor Paz Estenssoro office august 1985. Nogales capital flow Bolivia's debt service versus credit change net outflow 200 mln dlrs 1985 net inflow 130 mln dlrs 1986. Bolivia's return financial wilderness follow paz estenssoro's economic stabilisation program. He inherit inflation 23000 pct enterprise lose hundred mlns dlrs currency trade black market 16 time official rate. Paz estenssoro froze sector wage market- related rate peso introduce tax reform laid thousand worker corporations. Inflation run 10 pct past six month accord Central Bank government expect economy grow pct 14 pct contraction six years. The government propose novel solution debt commercial bank 900 mln dlrs paid March 1984. Nogales month Bolivia one-time offer buy commercial debt price trade international secondary market -- 10-15 cent dlr. He Bolivia's commercial bank steer committee agree meeting New York consider proposal unclear proportion country's creditor bank offer. One foreign banker speculate Bolivia able buy 30 pct commercial debt paper deal mostly bank write loan country. But large creditor interested scheme debt-equity swap similar operate Chile past years. The Bolivian government yet draw proposal debt-equity swap banker planning privatise 100 company serve basis scheme. Foreign banker type proposal prove attractive Bolivia run especially government realises attract amount capital grow. Planning Minister Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada told Reuters Bolivia hop five six billion dlrs investment 10 12 years. The government realises remain viable Bolivia develop exports. The price tin account 45 pct Bolivia's export 1984 collapse market gas country's major revenue earner abundant supply region. Reuter 