The resignation Finance Minister Dilson Funaro bound focus attention whether Brazil adopt flexible debt stance move towards accord creditor banker political analyst said. With Funaro charge Brazil's relation creditor sank low ebb said. Bankers told anti-Funaro joke Sao Paulo New York economic analyst personal animosity minister U.S. Bankers real obstacle reach agreement reschedule Brazil's 111 billion dlr debt. Commenting Funaro foreign banker recently told Reuters "They (banks) removal pretty precondition get serious negotiation way." Funaro angered bank February suspend payment Brazil's 68 billion dlr bank debt. There question personal style. Bankers disliked Funaro's aloof demeanor private heatedly accuse arrogance inflexibility. However Funaro fall upset foreign banker Cruzado Plan price freeze massive flop economically politically. However domain debt Brazil's relation creditor departure closely-watched international repercussion banker said. It become Funaro's trademark truck International Monetary Fund (IMF) effectively block debt agreement. He argue Brazil sought IMF Fund lay condition lead recession. Funaro support position memory IMF austerity Brazil 1980s period hungry crowd storm supermarkets. The foreign banker Sao Paulo "I Brazil agreement IMF allow (it) acceptable growth." Argentina work IMF won excellent term major portion 50 billion dlr debt earlier month. Given IMF role Argentine accord U.S. Diplomat agreement extremely damage Funaro show cooperation IMF bore fruit. Mexico take IMF path earlier Argentina clinched favourable pioneer agreement creditor 100 billion dlr debt. Brazil big Latin American debtor debt agreement. Some Brazilian opinion particularly community favourable IMF accord. A lead newspaper Jornal Brazil carry report Washington weekend say myth IMF brought recession moment accord now. As happens routine IMF mission visit Brasilia. The government repeatedly dismiss speculation consider major change debt policy political analyst caution expect change IMF issue. The government President Jose Sarney gain reputation chronic indecisiveness analyst believe government turn IMF come conclusion really option. But policy shift look likely analysts. One major political obstacle Funaro longer picture economic pressure Brazil growing. The sharp drop trade surplus trigger Brazil's debt crisis show sign reversed. In quarter 1987 Brazil chalked surplus 526 mln dlrs fraction 2.47 billion dlr surplus period year. Brazilian official concede debt crisis. "Brazil resolve rapidly possible" Central Bank President Francisco Gros Friday. REUTER 