The shareholder Illinois Cooperative Futures Co. future trading arm Midwest farm cooperative 25 vote Wednesday dissolution. The director company call special meeting recommend dissolution month cite fall volume increase costs. Sources close organization told Reuters pullout Growmark Inc. hold 70 pct capital stock lead call dissolution. The demise cooperative clearing house scramble trading 85 regional local cooperative comprise membership. Ironically Growmark regional farm cooperative major river terminal elevator found Illinois Cooperative Futures December 1 1960. But Growmark become affiliate Archer Daniels Midland Decatur Ill. market grain joint subsidiary company ADM/Growmark. With relationship Growmark longer need trade future cooperative Tom Mulligan president co-op. Membership company Mulligan term cooperative cooperative decline 99 1982. A notable loss AgriIndustries Iowa become affiliate Cargill Inc. Illinois Co-op's include regional cooperative Indiana Grain base Indianapolis Goldkist Atlanta Ga. Midstates Toledo Ohio Farmland Industries Kansas City Mo. Farmers Commodities Des Moines Harvest States Minneapolis. Some observors demise Illinois Cooperative Futures Co. serious blow cooperative system. Instead banding together individual cooperative force way floor manager cash Chicago Board Trade. Such move destroy cohesiveness give farm cooperative advantage market major commercial company grow dominant said. Don Hanes vice president communication National Council Farm Cooperatives 5600 cooperative exist 6700 five ago. "The period we've go past five quite crunch" said. "There's lot consolidation marketing co-ops." One co-op sell grain major commercial export export themselves lose potential profits. But export grain require heavy investment multi-million-dollar loss post six ago Farmers Export Co. co-op export grain serve "to folk gun-shy" Hanes said. Mulligan believe dissolution approve result change future industry change U.S. agricultural economics. A grain dealer member co-op future arm "was convenience save little bit money. (Its dissolution) force change do business." "We're sorry co-op wayside" said. "But lot with. There plenty capable firms." Steven W. Cavanaugh vice president grain marketing Indiana Grain prefer trade future Chicago-based cooperative. "In term clearing unit oppose individual economic savings" add "The time change change time opinion business ought around." Cavanaugh demise future arm profitability. "I guarantee company trouble. It sound healthy organization." In end February 28 1986 Illinois Cooperative report income 10.2 mln dlrs members' equity net worth 8.3 mln dlrs. The annual report recent filed. Under cooperative income operation return "patronage refunds" members. Income refund past five declining. In end February 28 1982 co-op report income 17.4 mln dlrs patronage refund 17.0 mln dlrs. Patronage refund end February 28 1986 total 9.5 mln dlrs. "You're deal substantially low volume" Mulligan said. "Lower volume translates high costs." According company's 1986 annual report Growmark own 90 pct prefer share pct common share Illinois Cooperative Futures Co. Mulligan decline speculate capital Growmark entitle to. He determine figure unless shareholder decide favor dissolution. Equity distribute accord member's trading volume result change year. However Mulligan company continue meet minimum capital requirement trade future Growmark pull out. Reuter 