Rising import Japanese-made car electronic good upset West European official generally seem prepared stay sideline late trade row United States Japan. Japan's huge trade surplus sore West Europe United States. But U.S. Charges unfair trade practice involve computer microchip leave Europeans cold. The European Community ran 18.2 billion dlr trade deficit Japan seek redress feel Japanese trade policy hurt Europeans diplomat economist said. But Britain suggestion act U.S. To Japan's huge trade surplus. "The EC illiberal trade issue U.S." Martin Wolf director study Trade Policy Research Centre London. "Basically policy pretty same." But mean Europe support U.S. Or EC climb bandwagon advantage U.S. Dispute press claim Wolf said.Basically Europeans approach trade problem said. "In U.S. People talk fair trade here" added. "In U.S. It ethic free competition Europe approach liberal trade make country rich." Wolf basic U.S. Attitude explains Washington's tendency impose so-called "countervailing duties" - import tax design offset advantage allege unfair. In Western Europe approach trade dispute tends try reach settlement negotiation Wolf said. In late U.S.-Japan trade row President Reagan threaten raise tariff select Japanese electronic good 300 mln dlrs allege Japan fail abide 1986 U.S.-Japan pact microchip trade. But European Community challenged agreement violation General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) practice discriminates microchip producers. "It follow they're likely rally United States defence agreement" Wolf. Although British parliamentarian push tough line Japanese trade issue government official rest Europe told Reuter correspondent EC lead response U.S.-Japan trade row. A spokeswoman EC Commission Brussels told Reuters change Community's position March 16 meeting foreign minister sent strong warn Tokyo trade imbalances. In statement issue meeting EC foreign minister deplore Japan's continued trade imbalance appeal great Japanese effort markets. EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq talk grow impatience Japan EC. Diplomats accredit EC Brussels sign immediate intention impose broad-ranging sanction Japan. The EC anxious avoid provoke trade said. Instead Community try target area European trade Japan include wine spirit cosmetic financial service continue talk try improve situation diplomat said. In Britain government angered difficulty telecommunication giant Cable Wireless face bid crack Japanese market official week retaliatory action considered. But government official "We talk day weeks. This time." They government consider option cabinet meeting Thursday add final decision expected. The main British threaten Japan denial access London's boom financial market government official said. REUTER 