U.S. scientist tropical vegetable oil hazardous consumer whose health risk level saturate fat lending weight campaign American Soybean Association (ASA) label changes. The scientist appear support ASA charge deny Malaysian palm grower import coconut palm palm kernel oil contain level saturate fat raise blood cholesterol risk heart disease. In petition file January ASA U.S. Food Drug Administration (FDA) require palm palm kernel coconut oil identify saturate fat food manufacturers' labels. The FDA respond ASA letter say consider petition comment propose rule deal cholesterol fatty acid label foods. Malaysian oil palm grower charge ASA palm oil consumption increase blood cholesterol contributes heart disease untrue. But Steve Chang Professor Food Science Rutgers University "Palm oil definitely human health content saturate fatty acid." He add high fatty acid great blood cholesterol level. "It establish cholesterol level high level heart disease" said. A Malaysian Oil Palm Growers Council official Borge Bek-Nielsen study show palm oil cholesterol-free low saturate fat anti-cancer property prevents blood clot block artery humans. Bek-Nielsen Americans consume saturate fat daily food butter bacon ham beef palm oil add rich vitamin A E. David Kritchevsky Associate Director Wistar Institute Philadelphia appear ASA view labelling. "What really learn read labels" Kritchevsky. "The consumer know likely intelligent choice." The U.S. scientist doubt import palm palm kernel coconut oil contain saturate fat levels. Kritchevsky specialist nutrition "More saturate fat raise cholesterol levels...So view it's health risk. High cholesterol level blood risk factor heart disease." Susanne Harris deputy assistant secretary U.S. Agriculture Department's Food Consumer Services Division health risk consumer vegetable oil saturate fat level high heart disease. The scientist 50 pct fatty acid content tropical oil saturate whereas 20 pct fatty acid content soybean oil saturated. David Ericksen director ASA's technical service U.S. soybean producer regain one-half 273 mln dlrs sale lose import tropical oil consumer aware vegetable oil saturate fat. Imported tropical oil displace 171 mln bushel U.S. soybean sale U.S. market ASA estimates. U.S. import coconut oil January total 82.9 mln lb compare 48.0 mln lb December 106.5 mln earlier accord Commerce Department figures. Imports palm oil total 44.0 mln lb compare 51.3 mln lb December 85.2 mln earlier. Reuter 