One top executive International Monetary Fund (IMF) tender resignation charge United States pressure agency reduce condition place loan monetary source said. C. David Finch Australian head IMF's exchange trade relation department told IMF executive board Wednesday plan leave month 37 agency. The source Finch statement consider unprecedented told board United States brought undue pressure IMF approve funding Zaire Egypt. "To resign manner highly unusual unprecedented" monetary source said. Neither Finch nor U.S. IMF Representative Charles Dallara reach comment. The IMF emergence debt crisis 1982 press country tighten belt cut spending condition grant assistance. The United States recently take position country need economic reform measure rely market force private enterprise encourage assistance IMF development banks. Zaire government President Mobutu Sese Seko recently take reform measure design heal ail economy. The IMF approve 22-month loan package Zaire total 270 mln dlrs. The United States consider possibility seek access military base Zaire decision reached. Egypt hold talk IMF aim reach final accord billion dlr loan package United States press quick deal accord sources. However tentative plan Egypt currently review management Fund prior executive board full approval raise question country's ability repay. Egypt linchpin broad framework U.S. Middle East policy. The department head Finch responsibilties make IMF policy loan condition wield evenly countries. Monetary source United States brought pressure IMF approve loan package Mexico use economic condition broadly Finch accord source reference this. Under debt initiative announce 18 month ago Treasury Secretary James Baker United States decision debtor country encourged grow difficulty rely austerity measures. He recommend commercial bank provide 20 billion dlrs loan debtor country mutilateral bank add six billion dlrs years. A key proposal give World Bank great role deal debt crisis familiarity develop country problems. The initiative widely herald step improve grow debt crisis view IMF rebuke previous austerity measure insist Fund return loans. REUTER 