Chicago Board Trade (CBT) agricultural financial future market period major upheaval exchange go ahead plan renovation. A CBT spokesman told Reuters exchange look option identify cost effective efficient proceed include involve move entire grain floor building nearby MidAmerica Commodity Exchange. "One (CBT Chairman) Karsten Mahlmann's agenda item proceed renovation financial future room" spokesman said. Another CBT official executive vice president George Sladoje issue discuss Friday special meeting exchange floor. A presentation regard renovate financial future Sladoje said. "We've look five six alternative involve flip-flopping trading rooms" added. It conceivable couple plan MidAmerica Exchange temporarily CBT market Sladoje said. "If move floor entirely construction period year" add issue likely membership vote draw board eight month year. The CBT spokesman stress discussion preliminary stage likely begin summer earliest. In renovate crowd financial future pit exchange official discuss provide temporary grains-dominated area. This involve move CBT market U.S. Treasury Bond future Treasury Notes Muni-bonds option T-Bonds T-Notes adjoin corridor utilize MidAmerica floor CBT future contract corn wheat soybean soybean product agricultural options. Any move meet opposition CBT members. One senior floor trader financial future badly need renovating. "There talk grain floor shift MidAm financials move grain area" said. The CBT spokesman option discuss renovate financial floor quadrant quarter time. "The step decide effective proceed architectural engineering drawings" said. He add difficult determine exact frame moves. "This major undertaking process spread year" said. Floor trader MidAmerica Commodity Exchange merge CBT ago prepare vacate floor month. Space recently clear CBT move Major Market Index pit reserve lightly-traded CBT gold silver future share trading area. The MidAm specializes mini-contracts grain livestock metal financials foreign currency option contracts. "Rumor CBT grain come bond crowded" MidAm trader said. Another source MidAm change July August. Reuter 