Recent slackness Dutch capital market lead banker question Central Bank's policy peg guilder firmly West German mark ask flexiblility exchange rate policy. While agree Bank's commitment defend guilder strongly banker Bank range guilder mark fluctuate European Monetary System (EMS). Roelof Nelissen chairman Amsterdam-Rotterdam Bank NV (Amro) Central Bank's policy overcautious. "I suggest Bank freely range guilder EMS" Nelissen presentation Amro's 1986 annual report week. Within EMS mark allow fluctuate guilder 110.1675 115.235 guilder 100. The Central Bank maintains stricter policy try keep mark below 113.00 guilder 100. It regard stable exchange rate main target use rate policy influence exchange rate. The preference exchange rate goal above rate aim go undisputed Netherlands. Critics Bank keep rein unnecessarily short. Rabobank Nederland late economic bulletin: "By maintain 113.00 limit Central Bank raise expectation intervene above level. If suddenly need flexibility hard obtain." Amro's Nelissen relatively change rate exchange rate cause substantial flow security sharp fluctuation Dutch capital market. Large rate change need bring change guilder/mark exchange rate added. Unlike Amro Algemene Bank Nederland NV (ABN) say price Dutch pay. It fully agrees Central Bank's policy director-general Julien Geertsema told Reuters note 1983 decision revalue guilder fully mark EMS hurt confidence Dutch currency. "It pity wide rate difference West Germany maintain exchange rate" added. Interest rate differential West Germany Netherlands main factor trigger capital flow country economic performance differ economist said. Data 1986 capital flow West Germany Netherlands yet release 1985 account 10 pct total trade flow country 110 billion guilder 1986 Dutch-German Chamber Commerce earlier month. Economists capital flow sensitive exchange rates. West Germany Netherlands' large single trading partner take 28 pct Dutch export provide 26 pct import quarter 1986 Central Bureau Statistics figure show. At moment rate month euromark deposit trade 4.0 pct deposit guilder rate 5-7/16 pct. Amro bank argues Dutch real rate rise far expectation deflation 1987 contrast slight inflation West Germany. In Netherlands cost living expect decrease 1.5 pct GNP growth rate pct Dutch Central Planning Agency 1987 forecast month. German GNP see rise 2.5 pct inflation zero 1.0 pct accord German forecasts. But despite upward push real Dutch rate money dealer expect Central Bank cut official rate independently prior move Bundesbank. Following West German rate cut January 22 Dutch Central Bank low rate 0.5 pct low tariff special advance abandon credit surcharge. Most trader surprised move expect Bank follow suit unconditionally said. The Bank lower rate large impact money market exchange rate permitted. While entirely unsympathetic critic policy Central Bank keep grip firm range narrow. "The European Monetary System relationship guilder mark. Many time widen margin implicate buy sell amount third currency" Central Bank vice-director Jan-Hendrik Du Marchie Sarvaas said. "If allow guilder little cheaper market start believe weak. We don't that. We clear guilder strong mark" said. REUTER 