Workers China's rural factory struggle variety problem maintain momentum progress industrialisation countryside 1970s. "When I child bicycles. We everywhere foot. The land salty harvest good. Money food inadequate. When rain leak grass roof" Li Wenxian 31 Hongshan Zhejiang. Now villager live two-storey concrete home balcony courtyards. But formidable difficulties. Many rural factory unable raw material else expensive. Gao Jianming official Zhejiang's Rural Industry department Zhejiang firm scour China raw material sometimes barter finish goods. The People's Daily month report 60 pct China's rural factory operate below capacity shortages. It rural factory lose money problem difficulty get credit poor quality good competition large firms. "Electricity short. In busiest period farm factory day week agriculture needs. But available Sundays" Gao said. Rural factory mostly operate outside official plan allocate raw material quota cheap price firms. They compete market raw material whose price driven demand. Li Hongshan suffer shortage cement factory provide cheap cement electricity supply department. The raw material Hongshan's cement hundred mile central China rail canal textile factory buy fabric northeast. The industrialisation rural China late 1970s key top leader Deng Xiaoping's economic reforms. Deng want harness manpower countryside keep draw cities. Hongshan factory business land 3700 people. Now 120 worker full-time land. The rest 23 factory make cement plastic textiles. The transformation rural economy noticeable eastern seaboard communication labour plentiful land fertile market nearby. Gao rural factory Zhejiang employ 25 pct province's labour force. In 1985 factory produce value province's farms. "The industrialise process over. When farm mechanise labour available. There potential" Gao said. Rural industry Zhejiang grown 20 pct 1980 faster sector economy. Goods Hongshan's factory sell China. Villager Li Hongshan start building factory 1975 illegal local leader approve condition money invested. "We borrow money start cement factory rely resource then" said. Another worker Hongshan tea-growing collective rural industrialisation work hard earn same. "The lazy commune laugh work same" said. REUTER 