In bid hasten Japan's promise speed economic growth market foreign trade top U.S. official appear signal tolerance low dollar. Treasury Secretary James Baker top aide Assistant Secretary David Mulford week target dollar statement sent yen soar dollar despite massive central bank intervention. "That slip tongue" western monetary official identified. For strategy appear working. Japanese official late week package bolster domestic demand ready April. Until week indication package ready anytime soon. The Reagan administration face uproar Congress apparent lack progress cut 169.8 billion dlr trade deficit learn extract result Japan dramatic action required. Last week White House impose unprecedented tariff Japanese electronic good Tokyo fail adhere semi-conductor pricing accord countries. The shift U.S. strategy design appease mount Congressional anger Japanese policy come week industrial nation reconvene review Paris agreement stabilize currencies. And news Japan earn record 18 billion dlr trade surplus month underscored urgent action view U.S. officials. Nonetheless U.S. official sign improvement deficit. "I'd stun derive benefit (from low dollar) soon" one. In Paris lead industrial nation agree cooperate closely foster currency stability range reflect "underlying economic fundamentals" economic reality. The agreement envisages fundamental include Japan West Germany stimulate economy United States cut budget deficit. The nation join France Britain Canada agree policy essential redress huge global trade imbalances. But analyst market signal underlie fundamental imply low dollar stable one. Markets effect confident government measure -- include U.S. budget deficit cut agree Congress White House --will carry out. Nonetheless dollar's sharp fall undermined cooperation. A U.S. economic policymaker accord track Tokyo Bonn seem "to stimulative measure Paris accord call for." International monetary source exchange market development generally unsettled policymakers Japan obvious exception. "Everybody feel managed" source market developments. But week Bank Japan spent estimate five billion dlrs intervene halt rise yen central bank billion dlrs. Another monetary source Japan upset America's half-hearted attempt halt fall dollar flout Paris accord outright. The source close top level Japanese economic policymaking Japan's understand accord yen kept 154 dollar level stood accord struck. The source Tokyo extremely worried Washington's exchange rate change Japanese policies. It "pointed reminder" Japan trade issue source dollar's fall yen. By depart Sunday language Paris accord -- nation agree foster currency stability current level -- Baker trigger run dollar. Later week Mulford target dollar call Japan West Germany live international responsibility stimulate growth. But U.S. official recent market development unravel spirit Paris agreement. "There's realisation cannot leave alone everyone agrees external (trade) imbalance ought adjusted" official said. "While no-one cede sovereignty certainly seem move towards closer co-operation" U.S. official said. The official meeting six join Italy status report. "Japan explain Germany report plans. Maybe there's move faster" source said. Mulford told Congress week Paris accord call effect currency stability months. This buy Japan West Germany speed economic growth bring U.S. trade deficit. His comment appear serve notice major nation Washington cannot wait action reduce gap Japanese German trade surplus U.S. trade deficit. Reuter 