International effort redirect Japan's export-driven economy domestic consumption heavy country's large defence contractor world's big shipbuilder anything by. Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd MITH.T> (MHI) make ship iron good Japan's military ruler 130 ago respond strong yen redouble effort maintain share export markets. "If sell quality cheapest product everyone buy them" MHI president Yotaro Iida said. Although MHI's main business shipbuilding plant construction hit hard yen's 40 pct rise dollar company plan abandon Iida told Reuters interview. Its activity aircraft component manufacture perform MHI account half money Tokyo spends defence procurement year. "We utmost effort world's manufacturer improve productivity" said. "You surprised plants. The outside inside ultra-modern robot computers." Securities analyst major security house agree MHI par cost quickly competitors. The company slash workforce 47000 86000 1976. Despite cost-cutting MHI expect profit drop 40 pct 30 billion yen current fiscal end March 31 1985/86's record 50.14 billion. And include gain sale MHI's stake Mitsubishi Motors Corp MIMT.T> 49 billion yen. Iida optimistic future however. He resurgence demand Middle East follow recent recovery oil price couple persistent demand plant develop country MHI restore exports-to-sales ratio past decade's average 30 pct. MHI's exports-to-sales ratio fell 25.9 pct half-year end September 35 36 pct five ago. China promising market MHI considers non-oil-producing develop country major customers. "Our customer see trouble due lack foreign currency" Iida said. But add MHI sell market Japanese government financial support. It finance plant recover investment product sale strategy Iida prove popular future. In shipping MHI fight low-priced South Korean competition building technologically advanced carrier carry liquefy natural gas product difficult transport. Shipbuilders Association official told Reuters MHI world's large shipbuilder term order capacity. Domestically MHI involve 12 project include development nuclear fusion reactor launch vehicle man-made satellites. It big contractor Japan Defence Agency's F-15 F-14 jet fighter missile built licence U.S. Firms. MHI head five Japanese company seek develop country's fighter plane replace currently F-1 support fighter late 1990s. Military expert Washington put strong pressure Tokyo buy U.S. Plane either McDonnell Douglas Corp F-18 General Dynamics Corp F-16 reduce Japan's huge trade surplus U.S. "It idea jointly produce plane U.S. Makers Japan support U.S. Defence umbrella" Iida said. MHI plan cooperate U.S. In Strategic Defence Initiative space defence participate project move research stage said. The U.S. Has seek Japan's technological support. In fiscal 1985/86 aircraft account 17.1 pct MHI's sale shipbuilding 17 pct plant 27.9 pct. Iida ideal ratio plant 30 pct aircraft special vehicle 25 pct shipbuilding 15 pct. As remain 30 pct Iida want shift domestic focus heavy machinery sell manufacturer towards household good decline specify products. "By brand name daily product mean run mainstream business" said. REUTER 