Crude oil price rally move 17.00 dlrs barrel Saudi Arabia's determine effort support price analyst said. "The Saudis OPEC nation jawboning market hop restore confidence price meeting" Sanford Margoshes oil analyst Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. "But OPEC wood yet longshot due seasonal decline demand cheating" added. Oil industry analyst Saudi Arabia lead attempt OPEC resist pressure discount official price agree december. The analyst hold line Saudi Arabia push hard meeting deputy oil minister Gulf Cooperation Council weekend Cooperation Council oil ministers' meeting previous week. The Saudis offer support have difficulty sell oil analyst said. "They try sure discount prevent appear Saudi Arabia OPEC member allocate oil sale lose sales" Margoshes said. He add allocation probably form loan repaid nation resume sales. Analysts useful keep line nation Qatar trouble sell oil. But likely assistance provide Nigeria pressure extend discounts. Analysts Saudi Arabia assistance OPEC president Rilwanu Lukman try avoid emergency OPEC meeting fear appearance December pact fall apart. Daniel McKinley oil analyst Smith Barney Upham Harris Co "both physical future market oversold spark bring short cover rally." He believe Iranian trade mission Tokyo refuse discount Japanese buyer brought Japanese refiner market cover short positions. Oil trader japanese refiner market 10 cargo May Dubai sent price Mideast sour Dubai trading 16.50 dlrs trading yeterray low 15.63 dlrs spill North sea crude oil market. Traders persistent rumor Japanese buyer look pick cargo Brent Japan European trade source indidate rumor vessel fix shipments. North sea brent rise 17.00 dlrs trade report 17.05 dlrs dlr. OPEC members' denial produce quota spark move cover short postitions. Indonesian oil minister Subroto OPEC production below 15.8 mln bpd quota agree december give detail OPEC production claim mln bpd above level. "The production probably quota level largely Saudi Arabia discount canot sell oil result" Margoshes said. Analysts mixed opinion extent current rally. Some believe price continue rise Saudi Arabia OPEC hold steady refusal discount. But despite rally fundamental factor include demand cut rally short. Marion Stewart indepedent petroleum economist slow growth economy U.S. OECD keep demand oil slack estimate demand rise 1.4 pct 1986. Reuter 