Argentina's Economy Minister Juan Sourrouille "narrow interest" creditor bank hold accord stretch debt repayment warn Argentina break negotiations. "It inadmissible private narrow bank threatens turn insurmountable obstacle policy agree international community" Sourrouille said. Speaking International Monetary Fund's Interim Committee meeting Sourrouille Argentina ample proof negotiate seriously banks. "Today responsibility clearly state imposible continue negotiate basis." A monetary source heard Sourrouille's speech vantage close U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker Baker advisor ask name bank Sourrouille stall agreement. "Let's call away" source quote Baker saying. Sourrouille remind Interim Committee IMF February approve 1.3-billion-dlr stand-by loan longer-term credit know extend Fund Facility 500000 dlrs. But despite Argentina's "disciplined effort" achieve inflation-free economic growth unable obtain IMF payouts due link arrangement settlement separate agreement creditor banks. Sourrouille state flatly bank flout long-established practice debtor country reach agreement economic reform Fund credit risk banks. "In word fact demonstrate current debt strategy show IMF agreement weak signal begin discussion (with banks)" stated. He add strategy work demonstrate government approve Argentina's join bridge loan country. Sourrouille state Argentina met IMF requirement regard balance payment monetary fiscal policies. Despite Sourrouille "What face inexplicable demand (from banks) block negotations." Argentina foreign debt 50 billion dlrs seek reschdule 24 billion dlrs "old debt" 4.2 billion dlrs refinance 1985. The minister issue separate Argentina accord creditor bank minimum difference rate margin above international levels. The condition concern suggestion bank upset country's financial system. Monetary source creditor bank offering Argentina London Interbank rate (Libor) plus 7/8 pct give Venezuela recent refinance agreement. The source Argentina commit win low spread Mexico gain 13/16 pct above Libor. Reuter 