China cut excess demand capital investment budget foreign exchange deficit press ahead wide-ranging economic reform 1987 Premier Zhao Ziyang told parliament. Zhao told annual meeting National People's Congress China cool overheat economy cut trade deficit raise living standard 1986 serious imbalance remain. Zhao total demand exceeds total supply demand consumer good especially firm high. "(They) squander fund serious extent ... (and issue) excessive wage bonus increases" said. Failure cut excess "result reduce accumulation funds...And serve corrupt morality" Zhao said. He contradiction low caput income excessively consumer demand. China need accumulate enormous fund construction initial stage socialist modernisation consumption match available resource said. Zhao deficit finance 1986 sharp fall oil price rise cost foreign exchange earnings export reduce income custom duty unreasonably heavy spending. Local authority department firm able retain revenue economic reform 1979. "(They) unjustifiably developed processing industry non-productive construction" Zhao said. He unless effective measure take curb practice financial credit deficit likely increase years. Zhao deficit excessive cause over-issue money turn cause "disturbing inflation precipitous rise commodity price chaos economic life." Another serious construction project launched. Fixed asset investment outside plan over-extended pattern investment highly irrational said. Investment energy transport telecommunication raw semi-finished material industry inadequate investment non-productive project said. Zhao department local authority fail prompt effective measure correct investment imbalance despite instruction State Council earlier year. He China's caput output grain farm sideline product low production grain forestry animal husbandry fishery rest weak foundation. China's countryside development stage vast potential tapped deep reform elaborate. Zhao main task reform 1987 breathe China's medium size firm "a satisfactory combination responsibility power benefits." "We yet create condition give enterprise full managerial authority full responsibility profit losses" said. Currently firm respond rationally market change do require said. Their potential fully tapped added. Zhao 1987 China speed reform financial diversify credit service encourage competition financial institution promote insurance services. He bank rate reform differential float rate apply period time. China proper guidance develop market circulation fund major city exploit role financial market pool regulate fund added. Zhao China expand market capital good roll steel coal cement timber. The lack market main reason firm "yet fully invigorated" said. He promise continuation labour contract firm hire worker fix period pay accord method subject state-set ceiling wage bonuses. REUTER 