Standard Poor's Corp downgrade six U.S. money center bank hold company affect 13.3 billion dlrs debt securities. They Chase Manhattan Corp CMB> Chemical New York Corp CHL> Irving Bank Corp V> Manufacturers Hanover Corp MHC> Mellon Financial Corp MEL> Security Pacific Corp SPC>. S P action Chase Chemical Irving Manufacturers primarily reflect continued vulnerability lesser developed country median financial performance. Standard Poor's downgrade Chemical reflect hold company's acquisition Texas Commerce Bancshares TCB> approve Federal Reserve. For Mellon Security Pacific S P cite high non-performing asset weaker operating earnings. The rating agency complete review base 1986 result large U.S. bank hold companies. It paid special attention reassess effect exposure lesser developed country hold companies' earnings capital. "Brazil's unilateral moratorium debt service payment underscored potential polarization banker debtor countries" S P said. S P note Argentina Brazil Mexico Venezuela unique economic problem lack progress moderate debt service burden disappointing. However agency point substantive improvement banks' financial position act counter-balance Latin American debt situation. Citing increase financial strength S P affirm debt rating Citicorp CCI> Bankers Trust New York Corp BT> Bank Boston Corp BKB> J.P. Morgan Co Inc JPM>. S P note U.S. bank hold company term easily realizable capital resource available undervalue real estate appreciate portfolio security overfunded pension plans. "Most bank management appear commit improve quality balance sheets" S P note emphasize long-term strategy short-term earnings. Standard Poor's reduce Chase Manhattan's senior debt AA-minus AA subordinate debt A-plus AA-minus prefer stock A A-plus. The commercial paper parent unit Chase Manhattan Bank Canada affirm A-1-plus. Chase 3.2 billion dlrs debt outstanding. It 6.4 billion dlrs loan Argentina Brazil Mexico Venezuela - high exposure lesser developed country U.S. money centers. Chase's underlie profitability remains median level expense structure S P said. S P cut Chemical's unit Chemical New York N.V.'s senior debt AA-minus AA subordinate debt A-plus AA-minus. About 1.2 billion dlrs long-term debt affected. The agency cite Chemical's relatively exposure Latin American borrower particulary Brazil Mexico continued level nonperforming asset pending acquisition Texas Commerce. Aggregate exposure Argentina Brazil Mexico Venezuela billion dlrs year-end 1986 105 pct equity reserve S P point out. Irving's senior debt reduce A-plus AA-minus subordinate debt prefer stock lower A A-plus. Its commercial paper affirm A-111-1plus. Irving 500 mln dlrs debt outstanding. Its approximately 1.4 billion dlrs loan major Latin debtor country account 110 pct year-end equity reserves. S P downgrade Manufacturers Hanover's senior debt A A-plus subordinate debt A-minus A prefer stock BBB-plus A-minus affirm A-1 commercial paper. The bank 3.8 billion dlrs debt. S P note Manufacturers 6.7 billion dlrs loan major Latin debtor nation experienced weak earnings. However unit CIT Group Holdings Inc's AA-minus senior debt A-1-plus commercial paper affirmed. The rating agency cut Mellon's senior debt A-plus AA prefer stock A AA-minus. It 1.1 billion dlrs debt securities. The commercial paper program Mellon Bank Canada Mellon Australia Ltd guaranteed parent company lower A-1 A-1-plus. S P cite continued low operating earnings rise nonperforming asset charge-offs Mellon. Security Pacific's 1.7 billion dlrs debt downgraded. Cut senior debt AA AA-plus subordinate debt prefer stock AA-minus AA. Security Pacific Overseas Finance N.V.'s debt issue reduce AA AA-plus. Affirmed parent's A-1-plus commercial paper BBB-rated debt unit Security Pacific Financial Systems. These action reflect Security Pacific's continued level nonperforming asset charge-offs S P said. Reuter 