The four-times-a-year "triple witch hour" jolt Wall Street past. Market average finish sharply high stock index future index option option individual stock expire simultaenously. Some analyst warn gain retrace week. But sign Wall Street get phenomeon cause huge burst activity final minutes. Officials New York Stock Exchange smoothly efficiently. "This time consensus right" Jim Creber trader Miller Tabak Hirsch Co. He expect "follow-through" Monday Tuesday advance lift Dow Jones Industrial Average 34 point 75 point entire week. Creber whose firm involve arbitrage activity involve index future option trend market upward months. "Every market come somebody come money" said. He investor add Individual Retirement Accounts prior mid-April tax deadline buying Japanese investor apparently help push stock higher. Ron Feinstein analyst Dean Witter Reynolds Inc report heavy Japanese buying prior fiscal Japan fuel bullish sentiment. He investor position stock hedge short position index future roll expire March future June contracts. But add player goal active simple explanation market's gyrations. For example Feinstein note June contract June Standard Poor's 500 stock index future hit 300 15 minute prior close NYSE trading. In 12 minute contract dipped 297.50. "That wave sell institutional make roll" said. It nearby contract S P 500 hit 300. The cash index close record 298.17. "It look market continue higher" said. "Triple expiration didn't really mean strong stocks" Steve Chronowitz Smith Barney Harris Upham Co. Chronowitz stock market underpinned "good solid buying interest" cushion pullback. Other investor future short stock bought stock close instead roll Mark Zurack Goldman Sachs Co. He caution "over-dramatizing" day's activity reflection fundamental strength markets. Leigh Stevens PaineWebber Group Inc mostly cover short position stock index option individual option expired. He decline week stock market. "It look work today" Howard Kramer asssistant director market regulation Securities Exchange Commission. But data analyze week. He relatively little commotion close 50 mln share change hand final minute compare 85 mln triple expiration month earlier. He note Dow industrials jumped 12 point closing minute modest move 2333-point index. Kramer point SEC-NYSE measure curb volatility disclosure "market-on-close" order 50 major stock 30 minute prior trading show imbalance modest proportions. The disclosure aim even volatility attract order opposite imbalance. The data show buy order sell order 47 stock preponderance sell order stock significant imbalance stocks. The NYSE tighten rule govern type market close order accepted final half hour. Reuter 