Turkey's bank reporting strong recovery 1986 profit government drive liberalise capital market pose challenge banking industry seek broaden earnings base. A dozen Turkey's 55 bank announce high 1986 profit trend banker financial capital Istanbul expect reflect industry. But Ankara's policy liberalise market offer opportunites expand operation banker danger attach related drive push Turkish rates. Bankers government's policy foster low rate lead consumer boom reignite inflation currently run 30 pct. They worry far reduce industry's shrink deposit base. This add urgency bank move build capital market operation Turkey's market-oriented Prime Minister Turgut Ozal liberalises financial system. Bankers 1986 recovery earnings stem partly foreign exchange operation trade finance. But grow volume trading government security major source revenue banks. Bankers proportion bank profit generate traditional financing commerce industry fall make loss operations. The major challenge bank profit Turkey 1980 government face bad financial crisis 50 raise domestic rate sharply fight inflation rate 100 pct launch export drive. Deniz Gokce associate professor economics Bosphorus University told Reuters bank force pay depositor real rate profit start fall. Previously rate below inflation. Turkey's domestic bank partly miss export drive foreign bank move Istanbul reaped benefit trade finance add expertise. The foreign bank risen 16 1981. Although local bank try follow suit Turkey's export decline 7.4 billion dlrs 7.9 billion 1985 banker doubt round. As result bank include foreign operation start move capital market operation broaden earnings base advantage relaunch ago Istanbul Stock Exchange. "When demand supply money outside banking envisage ourselves exclude transactions" Osman Erk deputy manager private bank Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi AS. The bank active exchange mainly trading government security 28 23 market revive December 1985. Liberalisation step far week parliament pass law encourage company public. Last month Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi launch country's commercial paper programme joint-venture chemical firm. Medium-sized private Pamukbank AS announce strong recovery 1986 pre-tax profit 12.9 billion lira 603 mln 1985 Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi profit increase 30.6 billion lira 6.1 billion. Bankers benefit trade finance increase capital market operations. Turkey's big bank private Turkiye Is Bankasi announce profit rise 35 billion 32.3 billion 1985. However banker bank "window dressing" balance sheet mask non-performing loan variously estimate banker 20 50 pct industry's 9026 billion lira total credits. Non-performing loan mount 1980s industry fail cope high rate start default. Some bank continued count loan performing. "After 1984 bank start careful give credit non-performing loan period 1980 1984" Erk said. But bad loan lead rescue bank medium-sized Turkiye Ogretmenler Bankasi AS earlier Treasury act watchdog body bank discover asset extent non-performing loans. Some 51 billion lira bank's 69 billion lira loan portfolio non-performing. But bank report 1986 pre-tax profit 65 mln lira. Bankers cite typical example balance sheet hide problem despite drive central bank standardise accounting. Gokce solution compulsory audit international accounting companies. REUTER 