Bundesbank president Karl Otto Poehl told close investment symposium West Germany cut lead rate United States make similar move banking source said. The source reporting Poehl's remark symposium Duesseldorf week organise Deutsche Bank Ag. Press representative invited. The source speak separately Poehl told 200 banker reply question cut U.S. Interest rate match measure Germany. "It definite hint low German rates" banker attend symposium. A Bundesbank spokesman central bank comment report remark private meeting. But accord source decline identify Poehl's comment see banker direct pointer far move central bank defend German industry additional revaluation mark. "He Americans drop rate Bundesbank drop them. He quite clearly" source said. In reply question Poehl half-point cut discount Lombard rate January 22 U.S. Had signal prepared attend meeting discus level dollar condition Germany move advance source said. Asked American authority persuade cut German rate bargaining table September source quote Poehl say "No wouldn't been. We checked that." The Paris meeting Group Six industrial nation exactly month German cut rates. Poehl emphasise comment close talk central bank G-6 meeting say financial market fully realise significance Paris session U.S. Agreement stem far fall value dollar source said. For participant summit agree far fall dollar harmful economy include U.S. Poehl said. The source tone Poehl's comment boost grow sentiment dollar stabilise current level international central bank cooperation. One source Poehl's remark underlined Bundesbank prepared accommodative monetary policy prevent far slowdown West Germany's economic growth. Poehl Bundesbank official past stress German central bank direct responsibility growth solely concerned combat inflation. This lead instance introduction tighter monetary stance begin December half-point cut rate late January. The source quote Poehl say current overshoot German monetary target directly respark inflation. The Bundesbank oblige react immediately whenever overshoot occurs. Latest data central bank money stock Bundesbank's main measure money supply show measure grow 7-1/2 pct January outside six pct 1987 target. Share price rise active trading dealer reporting Poehl's remark couple bullish outlook stock price Deutsche symposium brought strong bargain hunt current low levels. REUTER 