Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson present budget fiscal 1987/88 Parliament U.K. Economic growth forecast pct calendar 1987. He Treasury expect current account balance payment deficit 1987 2.5 billion stg 1.1 billion shortfall 1986. Inflation expect 4.0 pct Lawson said. "As I forecast Autumn Statement inflation continue edge exceed 4.5 pct summer fall 4.0 pct year" added. Turning Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR) Lawson likely outturn fiscal 1986/87 4.0 billion stg 1.0 pct GDP. The plan PSBR 1987/88 4.0 billion stg. On monetary policy Lawson confirm target range narrow M0 measure six pct fiscal 1987/88. No explicit target broad sterling M3 aggregate said. "But broad money continue take account assess monetary condition course exchange rate" Chancellor told Parliament. Lawson low outturn PSBR 1986/87 "is chiefly attributable remarkable buoyancy non-oil tax revenue corporation tax paid increasingly profitable sector particular." On oil price Lawson stick earlier assumption North Sea crude price average 15 dlrs barrel calendar 1987. He "it clear increase flow non-oil tax revenue couple prospective far growth economy excess growth expenditure put finance strong position." Lawson Treasury strive keep PSBR 1.0 pct GDP future. "We reach I judge (Medium Term Financial Strategy's) appropriate destination - PSBR 1.0 pct GDP. My aim keep ahead" Lawson said. "Inevitably greatly diminishes scope I reduce burden taxation course remains major objective government policy." "But I be sure err prudence caution build firmer base future." Lawson strike Exchange Control Act Statute book. On corporation tax rate remain unchanged 35 pct 1987/88. But companies' capital gain charge "appropriate corporation tax rate." He propose company able Advanced Capital Tax (ACT) payment tax capital gains. "Taken together change yield 60 mln stg 1988/89" Lawson said. Lawson propose company building society treat payment corporation tax "with liable pay corporation tax nine month accounting period tax due." "I propose legislate pave method collect corporation tax know Pay File." This wider programme streamline tax collection force 1990s. Lawson plan relief Petroleum Revenue Tax (PRT). As company elect 10 pct cost develop field (PRT) liability exist field income field exceeds cost incurred. Second relief PRT spending research U.K. Oil extraction related particular field. On employment Lawson employer receive tax relief retrain workers. Lawson future trader register Value Added Tax (VAT) able choose account tax basis cash paid received. Small business account VAT annually instead quarterly. The VAT compulsory registration period extend 30 day add VAT registration threshold raise 21300 stg. New measure plan combat VAT avoidance added. The capital gain tax retirement relief limit 125000 stg. Lawson propose change law company multinational group dual residence longer able secure tax relief twice payment. The change effect April 1 1987 "genuine trading companies" affected. He plan treatment tax credit relief foreign withholding tax paid bank loan April 1. "In future bank able offset tax credit tax profit relevant loan" said. The standard rate taxation reduce penny 27 pct 29 pct. Lawson reiterate government's aim reduce basic taxation 25 penny pound add "given decision great fiscal scope I reduce PSBR goal cannot achieve budget." Small companies' corporation tax reduce 27 pct said. On Lloyd's insurance market Lawson plan change tax treatment Lloyd's syndicate bring line provision outstanding liability ordinary insurance company comparable provision financial traders. The Inland Revenue told consult urgently Lloyd's detail legislation said. "The rule apply premium payable Lloyd's account close December 31 year" Lawson said. MORE 