Congressional ire rise multinational development bank loan country produce good direct competition beleagured American farmer miners. With record trade deficit 169 billion dlrs farm economy doldrums Congress press hold U.S. fund World Bank development bank money subsidize production produce good already oversupply world. "American tax dollar subsidize foreign agriculture mineral production direct competition producers" Sen. Don Nickles Oklahoma Republican letter fellow senator seek support legislation limit loans. Nickles Sen. Steven Symms conservative Republican Idaho introduce legislation strictly limit U.S. funding multinational development bank loan develop country produce surplus commodity minerals. Current law require United States vote loan carry reprisal pas anyway. Treasury Secretary James Baker's assurance U.S. policy oppose loan satisfy concern raise Senate committee hearing week. Baker told Senate Appropriations subcommittee Foreign Operations "as policy matter oppose loan production commodity oversupply." The senator cite 350 mln dlr World Bank loan Argentina increase agricultural export billion dlrs 1989. Nickles Symms cite loan 1985 World Bank loan Hungary expand livestock export 500 mln dlrs lent Thailand 1981 1985 low rate agriculture. Baker Argentine loan "really criticize." Last Republican-controlled Senate vote time objection administration cut U.S. funding development bank amount loans. Even favorable vote 65 15 restriction weaken final version. Only provision direct U.S. official vote disapproval enact law. This year's proposal call Foreign Agricultural Investment Reform (FAIR) Act require U.S. vote loan design increase production surplus commodity minerals. Also recipient country prove production marketing export commodity handle government subsidy. If loan approve U.S. objection United States increase replenish fund institution agrees stop make loans. Objections loan raise conservative Republicans traditionally oppose U.S. funding international development banks. But loss job foreign competition raise similar concern moderate senators. Democratic senator Barbara Mikulski Maryland told Baker Senate Appropriations subcommittee hearing "Many bank financing competition American jobs." She recommend United States participation debt forgiveness develop country loan wedge market U.S. goods. The administration opposes legislation tie hand vote loans. It argues instance country need money continue move U.S. policy areas. Baker United States continue leverage bank require foreign trade liberalization measure form elimination subsidies. Reuter 