Delegates 46 country gathering 20th meeting Asian Development Bank (ADB) amid concern bank"s role aid regional development. The three-day meeting held Japan bank"s inaugural meeting Tokyo 1966 tomorrow political controversy dog heels. Taiwan ADB"s founder boycott meeting succession protest China"s admission year. Taiwan borrow 100 mln dlrs 0.51 pct ADB"s total lending 19.4 billion dlrs past 20 stay name change bank "Taipei China." But boycott likely overshadow presence communist giant China Soviet Union. Moscow attend ADB meeting widely see step eventual full membership. China expect obtain loan bank 1987. A senior ADB official Peking bank"s third large shareholder United States Japan 12 seat bank"s board governors. The official decline identify expect spark fly governor met formal session Tuesday. He call expand bank lending expect poorer country Asia-Pacific region hit plunge commodity price tariff barrier export market grow resource crunch balance payment crises. But U.S. Delegation likely repeat warning ADB lending stress quality quantity official said. The debate ADB lending fuel bank"s highly successful money management. With liquid reserve billion dlrs profit rise steadily touch 287 mln dlrs year. The key indicator ADB"s reduce role regional development net transfer resource -- loan disbursement repayment borrower -- fell sharply 237 mln dlrs 1986 421 mln 1985. In 1986 bank approve loan total billion dlrs 19 29 develop members. ADB chief economist Kedar Nath Kohli told Reuters bank"s ordinary lending decline 1984. "I"m afraid exclude India China it"s far 1987" Kohli said. Kohli develop country region enter period painful adjustments. He country track South Korea buck regional trend rise indebtedness cut foreign debt billion dlrs year. One country complain ADB's lending policy Vietnam charge year's meeting bank cut aid political grounds. The bank abruptly halt loan Hanoi fall Saigon government 1975. Despite Moscow's presence bank expect change Vietnam policy. The Philippines ABD's second-largest borrower 1986 loan total 316 mln dlrs happy bank's role. Finance Minister Jaime Ongpin told Reuters expect figure reach roughly level year. REUTER 