Gulf money market grown reasonably past decade bond stock market remain extent fragment lag behind Gulf International Bank BSC> (GIB) said. The bank's economist Henry Azzam review Gulf capital market investor relinquish traditional investment vehicle real estate foreign currency bank account precious metals. "Greater financial sophistication need couple diversified capital market instrument change disclosure requirement company accounts" said. The GIB study review capital market category -- money market stock bond markets. Azzam Gulf make great short-term money market instrument bank region float various euronotes underwriting facilities. "Nevertheless bond stock market remain extent fragment lag behind" said. Most debt region raise syndicate loan bank facility company stock bond issues. Only Kuwait official stock exchange Gulf nation yet establish exchanges. But dwindle financial surplus Gulf government actively pursue way develop capital market domestic stock exchange Azzam said. He recession stem slide oil price "clearly negative impact development capital market region." In addition firm reluctant financial awareness investor lack investment analysis corporate reporting standard lack depth. A sharp fall share price 1980s prompt investor hold share hop eventual recovery. Azzam absence proper commercial law Gulf country authorities' apparent reluctance adopt financial innovation hamper capital markets. He call clearly define law govern incorporation joint stock company flotation debt instruments. Azzam capital market instrument available citizen institution Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) -- Bahrain Kuwait Qatar Oman Saudi Arabia United Arab Emirates (UAE). Some move take direction Bahrain allow GCC national 25 pct locally incorporate companies. Azzam Gulf money market receive great depth introduction treasury bill offering Bahrain expansion security repurchase regulation Saudi Arabia. But add "no bond market speak of" Saudi Arabia Qatar Oman UAE Saudi riyal denominate bond issue 1978. While Bahrain plan official stock exchange trading Saudi Arabia picked establishment formal exchange Qatar Oman UAE appear imminent Azzam said. REUTER 