Investors unload holding Hong Kong stock follow spate share issue lead local firm analyst said. The Hang Seng index fell 61.07 2713.81 yesterday speculation Hutchison Whampoa Ltd plan bonus issue "B" shares. After yesterday's market close Hutchison parent Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd announce one-for-two bonus issue "B" shares. The news sent index 63.51 point 2650.30 today's morning session. The Cheung Kong companies' issue follow Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd's announcement Friday four-for-one bonus issue "B" shares. There market speculation Evergo Industrial Enterprise Ltd similar move follow request suspension share trading firm today. Analysts issue adverse impact trading. James Miller-Day director County Securities Asia Ltd said: "I don't concept "B" share create inequality equities." He issue "B" share create conflict holder class share note "B" share issue par value equivalent one-tenth "A" share enjoy similar voting rights. Other analyst issue renew concern local corporate attitude towards political change Hong Kong British colony reverts China 1997. Controlling shareholder maintain control local firm issue cheaper share stock distribute themselves analyst said. Those shareholder reduce investment exposure sell "A" share use fund investment possibly overseas. An analyst major brokerage Li Ka-shing chairman Cheung Kong Hutchison planning fund future expansion switch "A" share "B" shares. Other analyst note Cheung Kong already take major stake Husky Oil Ltd Canada minority share Pearson Plc Britain. Hutchison begin major project expand berthing facility Hong Kong International Terminal Ltd Cheung Kong bid land reclamation development Hong Kong harbour. The analyst timing issue wrong local market already hit decline Wall Street London begin week. "(The issues) stock market reel tension U.S. And Japan trade relations" Barry Yates director Hoare Govett Asia Ltd. Jardine Matheson's share enjoy brief rally announcement issue lose 2.50 H.K. Dlrs Friday stand 22.30 dlrs today. Cheung Kong dlrs yesterday's close 41.25 dlrs Hutchison fell 3.25 dlrs 49.75 dlrs. REUTER 