Quebecor Inc Canada's large publishing printing company likely launch daily newspaper Montreal probably fall president Pierre Peladeau told Reuters interview. The company week won bid buy Quebec government's 55 pct pulp paper company Donohue Inc> likely ahead plan build paper mill Matane Quebec Peladeau said. "I move (ahead daily).... This definite will" add plan announce decision week. Quebecor revenue 446 mln Canadian dlrs profit 16.2 mln dlrs already publishes daily newspaper include tabloid Le Journal de Montreal second-largest circulation paper Canada. A daily Montreal English- language paper sixth daily newspaper make city crowd metropolitan newspaper market North America analyst said. Peladeau market study indicate English language tabloid circulation 50000 six months. He wait determine whether venture support major advertisers. Peladeau together own 55 pct Quebecor recieved offer head major Canadian company interested project decide whether partner newspaper venture. He consider launch newspaper company prelude joint ventures. "It possibility do else short term" Peladeau said. Peladeau joint acquisition Donohue Robert Maxwell's British Printing Communications Corp plc BPCL.L> mean Quebecor hold projects. Peladeau Maxwell's company team buy stake Donohue result Quebecor buying 51 pct govvernment's stake 165 mln Canadian dlrs British printing acquire 49 pct. "In 1976 77 tremendous shortage newsprint. There day didn't paper print paper" Peladeau said. "When I live I myself...next we'll ready." Peladeau Donohue's current total newsprint capacity already commit buyers. Quebecor us 100000 metric ton newsprint Maxwell's company publishes Britain's Daily Mirror newspaper us 200000 tonnes. Peladeau 170 mln dlr paper machine 49 pct own New York Times (NYT.A) add Donohue's 540000 metric tonne capacity fall company install paper machine Amos Quebec build mill meet demand . He mill produce either newsprint type paper cost 400-500 mln dlrs stream years. He mill Matane depressed unemployment heavily subsidize government. Peladeau interested far joint venture Maxwell's company either newspaper market France U.S. company own printing plant look expand newspaper empire. He Maxwell's son French citizen provide entree French market foreigner prevent buying newspapers. Peladeau consider either buying start daily newspaper France U.S. Quebecor process expand chain 40 weekly newspaper acquisition group weekly newspaper U.S. negotiate acquisition weekly newspaper chain Canada Peladeau said. He company consider start daily newspaper Quebec city buying radio station province. Peladeau Quebecor consider trading listing American stock exchange New York Stock Exchange listing. Reuter 