General Motors Canada Ltd wholly own General Motors Corp planning 450 mln Canadian dlr retool modernization 21-year-old Ste. Therese Quebec plant receive 220 mln dlrs interest-free government loan project. GM Canada Canadian Quebec government provide 110 mln dlr loan upgrading. The company investment build paint complex plant competitive GM plant U.S. Canada. The 450-mln-dlr investment include cost retool plant assemble front-wheel drive Chevrolet Celebrity car produce Ste. Therese begin May GM Canada said. "With paint complex tool plant fully modernize competitive" GM Canada president George Peapples told news conference. He construction begin modern base coat/clear coat paint complex provide enhance color standard improve paint quality said. The Canadian government modernization guarantee continued long-term employment 3500 assembly line worker Ste. Therese plant 4300 employ supply job Ontario Quebec. "Without participation...we face prospect lose plant" Michel Cote Canadian minister regional industrial expansion. Cote expect 3100 supplier job create increase production Ste. Therese. The project transfer company's front-wheel drive "A" car production Ste. Therese Oshawa Ontario increase Ste Therese plant's capacity GM Canada said. It produce 2.5 mln vehicle Ste. Therese plant 1965. The paint plant expect cost 200 250 mln dlrs begin operation Peapples told reporter announcement. The retool include project announce December company value retool cost said. Peapples estimate interest-free loan save GM Canada 60 mln dlrs 10 pct rate. He loan repayable full 30 GM keep plant open. If company close plant 1990s pay federal provincial government total 75 mln dlrs loan 1991. Peapples GM Canada government loan due expect overcapacity auto industry 1990s company prepared risk involve investment itself. GM Canada level support offer government consistent aid provide auto assembler U.S. Peapples company expect strong demand decade type mid-size front wheel drive car produce Ste. Therese. Cote add GM Canada's 1985 sale 18.5 billion dlrs represent pct Canada's gross domestic product. Reuter 