The oil service industry verge recovery rise crude price oil industry analyst said. The analyst issue buy recommendation stock recovery oil service begin half 1987 drilling activity bottom half continue decade. "People cannot afford wait drilling start buying" Sandi Haber Sweeney senior research analyst Sanford C. Bernstein Co Inc. Among recommend buy Schlumberger Ltd SLB> Halliburton Co HAL> Dresser Industries DI> Baker International BKO> McDermott International Inc MDR> target takeover Harold Simmons Dallas-based investor. Analysts major oil company increase exploration development overseas expect pickup oil service begin U.S. "Activity U.S. depressed move faster" Vishnu Sharp Goldman Sachs. The active oil drilling rig U.S. 766 week compare 1212 rig ago Huges Tool Co HT> figure show. The average work rig U.S. 1987 project 978 versus 964 1986 accord Ike Kerridge vice president stockholder relation Hughes Tool. "The significant pickup drilling activity occur half 1988" Kerridge said. Overseas drilling activity expect follow similar pattern Kerridge said. "Halliburton value" Jeffrey Freedman vice president Smith Barney Harris Upham Inc add company control great amount liquidity common stock market value diversifed non-oil field businesess low multiple stock price operating cash flow include debt. Schlumberger Freedman's favorite oil service stock. "Schlumberger expect continue dominant technical leader industry" Freedman said. "Schlumberger's management shift asset restructuring include pending merger Fairchild Semiconductor considerable cash horde set stage company maximize significant industry advantage capitalize project upturn exploration development activity" accord report George Gaspar vice president Robert W. Baird Co Inc. Gaspar estimate earnings share Schlumberger 25 ct 1987 1.75 dlrs 1988 compare 20 ct 1986 exclude fourth quarter special charge 1.87 billion dlrs. Bernstein's Sandi Sweeney recommend oil service company choose difficult. Her favorite Baker International involve merger Hughes Tool Co. Dresser Industries benefit recovery possibly company pure service company Sweeney said. Dresser expect improve profitability owe cost reduction streamline operation include sale leaseback headquarters Swarup. Reuter 