Expanding global link future market mean Singapore International Monetary Exchange (SIMEX) add Chicago London list rival banking source said. When SIMEX Sydney Futures Exchange (SFE) introduce U.S. Treasury bond future autumn source expect fierce rivalry exchange end winner Asia. But surprisingly challenge appear come said. The Chicago Board Trade (CBOT) introduce trading U.S. Treasury bond contract April 30 clash SIMEX morning activity banking source said. The CBOT plan introduce trading April 2 postpone move allow participant prepare. The London International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE) cut far SIMEX contract U.S. Treasury bond contract offset CBOT said. Such LIFFE contract expect year. LIFFE liquidity high SIMEX average daily volume Treasury bond drop 165 February 1286 October bond introduced. The contract attract hedge rapidly grow underlie cash market U.S. Treasury bond Toyko wan market grown stable trader said. Restrictions investment Japanese resident inhibit growth future contract Singapore Sydney banking source said. Nevertheless 450 seat SIMEX take trading 55000 dlrs initial price 50000 dlrs. The current bid 55500 dlrs offer 65000 show confidence SIMEX remains Michael Killian manager Chase Manhattan Futures Corp. Killian SIMEX board member CBOT session raise arbitrage opportunity SIMEX benefit local stock exchange index contract plan 1987. SIMEX become competitive month's budget eliminate withholding tax earn future margin deposits. Banking source tax change boost SIMEX trading non-bank institution individual benefit foreign firm institutions. While Treasury bond contract somewhat disappoint SIMEX contract continue expand Fong Yew Meng SIMEX assistant manager told Reuters. Volume SIMEX's Nikkei stock index base Tokyo stock market risen daily average 1000 contract month 320 contract October help uncertainty recent bull run Tokyo stock Fong said. Open Nikkei contract introduce reach record 2697 February 26. Killian Nikkei contract considerable potential expansion overseas investor avoid contract currently hedge rise cash market Tokyo. SIMEX enjoy record trading contracts. In February total volume exchange reach record 122819 contract surpass previous monthly record 116767 September. Eurodollar volume reach record 78546 contract month 70306 September. SIMEX likely try maintain growth move option soon competition continue regionally globally banking source said. The Sydney exchange plan introduce June share index future contract base composite stock equity option trade generate liquidity ordinary index banking source said. Local Sydney Treasury bond contract flare Sydney exchange establishes three-way link Chicago London trader Sydney said. LIFFE discuss link CBOT said. REUTER 