Senior U.S. Economic official disagree likelihood government meet budget deficit reduction targets. Beryl Sprinkel chairman Council Economic Advisers reiterate Reagan Administration's opposition tax increase pledge reduce deficit cut spending foster economic growth. By contrast Rudolph Penner Director Congressional Budget Office budget process broken deficit remain close 200 billion dlrs fiscal 1987. Sprinkel told symposium sponsor New York University spending cut avoid decision base desire influence vote shift responsibility local project governments. He suggest line-item veto allows President veto part bill reject limit wasteful spending. Spending tax decision link closely. Sprinkel Administration look 2.7 pct growth U.S. Real gross product (GNP) 1987 3.5 pct 1988. Asked late economic report signal rate economic growth attainable Sprinkel "It look pretty me. We've strong employment reports." He federal reserve policy appropriate add "It look they're track." While far reduction need trade deficit Sprinkel low dollar have impact. The 1987 tax law hurt economy tax reform act 1986 significantly lower tax rate greatly increase private production incentive said. "Our estimate Council Economic Advisers suggest net output good service permanently increase approximately pct long-run consequence tax reform" Sprinkel said. "In 1986 amount increase approximately 600 dlrs income average American family." Sprinkel argue 1981 tax cut responsible increase budget deficit. In fiscal 1986 end September federal spending amount 23.8 pct GNP federal receipt absorbed 18.5 pct GNP leave deficit 5.3 pct said. Sprinkel compare fiscal 1978 1986 federal expenditure share GNP 2.7 percentage point high revenue share GNP virtually same. "Contrary conventional wisdom therefore 1981 tax cut root cause extraordinary budget deficit past years" Sprinkel said. "This tax cut merely roll inflation-induced tax increase occur 1978 1981" added. However Congressional Budget Office's Rudolph Penner argue tax cut 1981 misguided. "Since make mistake 1981 cut tax enormously plan decrease spending Administration Congress indeed increase defence spending option (for reduce budget deficit) unpleasant" said. Penner tax cut result ideological turmoil U.S. Caused "biggest sustain inflation nation's history" help foster widespread distrust government. "The American government tax revolt level demand government level" Penner said. "But dislike tax exceed dislike spending programs. Now correction 1981 mistake demand change lot." Penner see little hope Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budget deficit reduction target met deficit remain roughly 200 billion dlrs year. He budget process set target arbitrarily likely succeed. "I feel pretty safe say process try dictate numerical outcome above doom fail simply there's ... Way enforce it" Penner said. Penner question method 1987 budget deficit cut. He 18 19 billion dlrs eliminate one-time measure temporary increase tax related tax reform sale government assets. "Another billion dlrs cut I call creative timing change move military payday fiscal 1987 fiscal 1988. That save billion dlrs" Penner said. REUTER 