The Bank Japan increasingly worried crash high-flying financial market Bank Japan source said. "We're afraid someday bubble burst deflationary impact economy disastrous" source said. They central bank embark delicate policy -- want deflate speculation pumped price sharply recent month bursting bubble. Stock price plunge 393.31 point extend sharp decline earlier month market speculate rate rise. The Bank Japan bought 100 billion yen certificate deposit (CDs) via repurchase agreement show determination maintain easy money policy central bank official said. Today's CD buying operation design reassure market Bank change policy senior central Bank official told Reuters. "There possibility deflationary impact permeate economy price exist asset collapsed" Bank Japan earlier month annual economic report. Such possibility heighten Bank see excessive speculation stock bond land prices. Over stock market average double drive price/earnings ratio 70 compare 15 Wall Street. Bond yield drop sharply land price Tokyo soared. The excessive speculation mean market increasingly touch economic reality vulnerable central bank source said. A collapse rob businessmen consumer little confidence economy yen-induced recession past private economist said. Some hard-pressed exporter already great profit financial dealing basic business said. "There seem accelerate demand money support transaction share bond land exist asset little bearing value add therefore GNP" Bank Japan report. The increase inclination investor seek capital gain accompany rise price exist asset dangerous implication economy added. In Bank's view major reason behind skyrocket price easy monetary policy belief market rate head inexorably lower. Mindful potential inflationary danger pose excessive liquidity Central Bank's board recently decide spell clearly market far discount rate cut off source said. But bank tighten monetary policy run risk market collapse. This achieve partly rise short-term rate Bank source ascribed seasonal pressure change market expectations. While deny bank tighten monetary policy senior source welcome change market expectations. The source acknowledge shift cause partly decision press commercial bank limit lending July/September period. Faster expect economic growth strong dollar played part. In longer run Central Bank counting gradual upturn economy draw liquidity financial market productive area capital spending Bank Japan economist said. But wait occur six month avoid overt tighten monetary policy collapse market lead recession. REUTER 