At Britain threaten revoke license Japanese bank retaliation restrictive trade practice Hong Kong roll welcome mat Japan. The British colony week issue banking licence Bank Fukuoka Ltd make 24th Japanese bank here. Japan large banking contingent Hong Kong follow U.S. With 22 banks. Eleven Japanese bank representative office Japanese institution operate 34 deposit-taking company (DTCs). Assistant banking commissioner K.K Wong told Reuters: "There special favour towards Japanese...But Japan's strong economy currency easily meet requirement asset (14 billion U.S. Dlrs)." The Japanese control large share asset financial institution incorporate elsewhere 980.5 billion H.K. Dlrs end-1986 57.5 pct total. "Hong Kong authority welcome Japanese banks" Haruo Kimura assistant manager Bank Tokyo. "But U.S. And Britain unhappy slow liberalisation Tokyo financial market." Japanese banker Hong Kong offer opportunity especially China trade Japanese bank follow clients' international expansion. "As client international keep follow them" Yutaka Toda Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank's manager here. "We access local trader regional corporations" Bank Tokyo's Kimura. "We pick China." Bankers Japanese bank way. An influx Japanese bank late 1970s government lift moratorium licences. But newcomer allow branch Bank Tokyo Sanwa Bank Sumitomo Bank branch. Because limitation Japanese bank mostly concentrate wholesale business. "It difficult compete giant Hongkong Bank Bank China" Kimura Bank Tokyo. Bank Tokyo large Japanese bank network seven branch Hongkong Shanghai Banking Corp Bank China group hundred branches. To broaden client deposit base Japanese bank take equity local banks. The late move Dai-Ichi Kangyo's increase stake Chekiang First Bank 95 pct 33 pct. Tokai Bank Fuji Bank Mitsubishi Bank interest local banks. But Mitsubishi content single-branch licence 25 pct stake Liu Chong Hing Bank bought Mercantile Bank Ltd's multi-branch licence year. "We branch (Hong Kong's district of) Kowloon soon serve client harbour" Mitsubishi Bank manager Takeshi Tange. Their weakness retail market force Japanese bank rely interbank market funding. Government data show despite share total asset Japanese bank 54.4 billion dlrs deposit end-1986 17.1 pct deposit bank Hong Kong incorporate elsewhere. "Most Japanese banks' international lending region book Hong Kong" Japanese banker decline named. He mainly tax reason add asset loan book Hong Kong subject Japanese tax. Japanese bank bar Tokyo government issue Eurobonds Hong Kong subsidiary tap Euromarket lend fund parent. Bankers role undermined five pct capital adequacy ratio go effect require DTC's increase capital. Many Japanese bank seek special treatment largely offshore operation risk calculation assets. "I don't stop come here" banker. "But mean conduct offshore funding operation elsewhere." REUTER 