Today's turmoil U.S. Financial market bond stock price tumble dollar's wake evidence major shift investor psychology likely spell turbulence ahead economist said. For market hail dollar's decline cure-all U.S. Trade deficit. Interest rate fell sharply Wall Street become one-way street up. But confidence crack financial market suddenly believe Fed chairman Paul Volcker's often-repeated warning risk dollar collapse. "Volcker's say dollar freefall extremely dangerous - he's it" David Jones economist Aubrey G. Lanston Co Inc. The dollar fell below 144 yen 40 Group Seven finance minister Washington fail convince foreign exchange market credible strategy redress global trade imbalance short far depreciation dollar. Bonds suffer big one-day drop month amid worry dollar's slide rekindle inflation scare foreign investor force Fed tighten credit. The inflationary fear boost gold bullion 12 dlrs 1987 432.20/70 dlrs ounce spike rate pull Dow Jones Industrial Average 33 point 2339. Norman Robertson Mellon Bank chief economist call markets' instability frightening. He believe economic fundamental justify bearishness "once start ball roll it's difficult stop." "There's stark possibility destabilize drop dollar force rate drive recession. The market panic." Stephen Marris Institute International Economics Washington warn control decline dollar peak 3.47 mark 264 yen February 1985 turn nightmare. "We're track hard landing... But agony fairly drawn out" Marris told Reuters. Marris expect crisis peak warn situation fragile little touch call phase hard land whereby loss confidence dollar push rate lead recession. The stock market's reaction sharp drop March 30 show loss confidence about. The happen yet consistent historical experience teach domestic market affected currency final stage decline Marris said. He forecast drop 125 yen. Marris major impetus dollar's late weakness loss credibility central bank suffer fail prevent dollar fall below 150 yen floor market believe G-7 Paris agreement February. Robertson Mellon contrast loss confidence trigger week Washington announce plan slap 300 mln dlrs tariff Japanese electronic import raise specter debilitate trade war. Many economist believe long-run stability return market root cause trade gap address - excessive consumption U.S. Reflected massive budget deficit. But short term failure G-7 central bank intervention feel Fed choice tighten credit restore faith dollar. "The stop dollar fall substantial increase discount rate correspond cut abroad Japan" Lanston's Jones. Marris expect Fed act quickly raise rate risk increase debt burden American farmer Latin American government others. But Robert Giordano chief economist Goldman Sachs Co scoffed notion. "It's ridiculous Federal Reserve raise rate dollar weak currency. This yen strength dollar weakness" said. Giordano market ignore progress reduce U.S. Budget deficit. "We're big reduction budget deficit relative GNP history nobody cares" note deficit cut 1968-69 greater. He expect dollar collapse think rate likely fall year. But market psychology change abruptly far drop bond market cannot rule out. "Put helmets" Giordano said. REUTER 