French industry fail produce good market loss competitiveness left government little manoeuvre reflate economy Organisation Economic Cooperation Development said. With gross domestic product likely grow 2.1 pct rate unemployment climb 11.5 pct workforce mid-1988 10.9 pct annual review French economy. The report French economy "increasingly ill-adapted demand" sell good "uncompetitive relative price domestic export markets." "France's poor export performance reflect geographical bias favour market dynamic average... And...A substantial loss market share...In past 18 months" said. Pointing likely widen French trade deficit 2.9 billion dlrs 2.4 billion 1986 warn far depreciation dollar franc lead "a (renewed) loss competitiveness relative United States newly industrialise countries." This result far major loss market share particularly non-OECD account quarter French export said. Until competitive ability industry improve authority "little scope macroeconomic manoeuvre unemployment situation encourage pickup investment require demand grow briskly" added. But rise unemployment hold wage demand contribute slowdown inflation pct annual rate OECD said. Written mainly December report account rise oil price 1987 0.9 pct surge January consumer price cause partly government's deregulation service sector tariffs. "We bet free price provoke runaway rise absolutely bet lost" OECD official commented. OECD official January data rise oil price above 15 dlrs barrel average assume report indicate upward revision inflation forecast 2.5 pct. The government week revise forecast 2.4 2.5 pct pct year's 2.1 pct. But OECD back government's view underlie trend inflation remain downwards slowdown domestic cost take year's fall oil commodity price chief cause disinflation. With French unit productivity cost low OECD inflation differential France main trading rival West Germany fall pct said. On report note consumer price industrial good private service rise steeply company built profits. "For disinflationary process continue  price competitiveness lastingly compatible exchange rate stability essential wage restraint continue" said. REUTER 