The large U.S. textile maker focus competitor found merger partner Burlington Industries Inc restructure attractive takeover candidate analyst said. The takeover spotlight fell Burlington rise 4-7/8 52-7/8 speculation investor Asher Edelman Dominion Textiles Inc Canada bought five pct stake. A publish report Edelman Dominion jointly acquire stake Burlington weigh takeover offer. Edelman comment spokesman Montreal-based Dominion call report "rumors." Burlington report true. Wall Street professional convince story Edelman Dominion victor Burlington actually play. Arbitragers past comment Dominion add credence speculation. Dominion look takeover U.S. Last Dominion unsuccessfully bid Avondale Mills maintain 120 mln dlr line credit U.S. acquisition. A Dominion spokesman Canada's large textile producer negotiate "many" U.S. textile company whether Burlington them. "There acquisition area. It's unusual someone look Burlington houseclean they've done" Eileen Gormley Thomson McKinnon. Burlington sell domestic operation sheet linen J.P. Stevens Co Inc 110 mln dlrs year. It reorganize management focus operation business affected foreign competition Gormley said. "They've pull commodity marketer" Gormley. She move heavily industrial fabric Burlington bought C.H. Masland supply carpet fabric auto industry. "In past spent realize return outlay make" said. "You look record I they're poise profitable past" Gormley said. She estimate 1987 earnings 2.50 dlrs share 2.01 dlrs share. Some analyst recommend client buy Burlington current levels. Edward Johnson Johnson Redbook recommends selling. He believe stock worth 50 dlrs takeover basis 46 dlrs earnings basis. Some arbitrager takeover value place company 60 65 dlrs share. "After Asher's (Edelman) recent history lot don't credible anymore" arbitrager. Another Edelman succeed force management step enhance shareholder value doesn't win target company. Edelman unsuccessful offer Lucky Stores Inc Fruehauf Corp. He succeed buying Ponderosa Inc. The stock textile maker rise Burlington. J.P. Stevens STN> climbed 5/8 44-7/8 Fieldcrest Cannon Inc FLD> result merger Fieldcrest Cannon rise 1-1/8 39-3/4. West Point-Pepperell Inc WPM> rise 1-7/8 67-1/8. Reuter 