Federal regulator Boyd Jefferies resign Los Angeles brokerage firm scheme manipulate price stock stock "parking" plot inside trader Ivan Boesky. In civil complaint file U.S. District Court New York Securities Exchange Commission Jefferies agree unidentified person firm buy chunk stock issue offering. Under agreement firm Jefferies Co drove price stock one-eighth buying block stock near close trading SEC said. Jefferies Co's purchase unidentified stock account 66 pct total trading volume stock aim manipulation SEC said. The complaint identify company whose stock trade Jefferies Co purchase sometime unidentified company own control company sell million share stock secondary offering. The stock purchase New York Stock Exchange Pacific Stock Exchange SEC said. The person allege stock manipulation agreement Jefferies identified. But person bill Jefferies Co phony invoice marked investment banking service exact amount firm lose deal sell stock market SEC said. The payment amount reveal complaint unidentified person Jefferies sent invoice lesser amount SEC said. The firm record payment "other income" said. William McLucas associate director enforcement SEC decline agency decide reveal identity person company involve stock manipulation scheme. "We determination time" McLucas told Reuters. The complaint great detail charge Jefferies agree Boesky "park" stock other's firms. Parking warehouse stock refers deal stock held person firm arrangement actually control someone else. Under agreement Jefferies Boesky Jefferies Co hold stock own Seemala Corp Boesky's brokerage firm 31 day Seemala "buy" stock SEC said. Seemala realize gain sustain loss stock held Jefferies Co period agree compensate Jefferies Co carry stock pay twice Jefferies Co's usual commission said. Seemala agree hold stock own Jefferies Co month term deal Seemala agree park stock Jefferies Co said. The agreement violate security law allow Seemala create false appearance longer held stock meet SEC's net capital requirement SEC said. Jefferies want Seemala hold stock SEC Jefferies Co meet net capital need agency said. On March 12 1985 Seemala "sold" Jefferies 810000 share oc Cooper Laboratories Inc 11.7 mln dlrs 600000 share Southland Financial Corp 17.3 mln dlrs 500000 share G.D. Searle Co 27.1 mln dlrs said. On March 20 Jefferies Co "sold" Seemala 185500 share American Broadcasting Co 19.6 mln dlrs 210000 share Ideal Basic Industries Inc 2.9 mln dlrs 300000 share ITT Corp 9.8 mln dlrs 105000 share Phillips Petroleum Co 4.0 mln dlrs 70000 share Pioneer Corp 2.1 mln dlrs 300000 share Texas Oil Gas Corp 5.3 mln dlrs SEC said. The value Seemala's stock transfer 56 mln dlrs Jefferies Co's stock worth 43 mln dlrs SEC said. Within month Seemala Jefferies Co unwound stock transfer firm SEC said. But major hitch developed deal price Searle stock Jefferies Co hold Seemala dipped sharply said. On March 26 Seemala "bought" Searle stock 23.4 mln dlrs result 3.6 mln dlr loss Jefferies Co SEC said. Seemala allow Jefferies Co "buy" stock Seemala hold 647812 dlr gain Boesky's firm paid Jefferies firm mln dlrs call "fees" said. Among violation Jefferies commit scheme net capital record keep disclosure margin requirement SEC said. Under settlement civil SEC's charge announce simultaneously filing complaint Jefferies firm admit deny guilt. But agree court bar far security law violations. Jefferies agree security five years. Reuter 