CSR Ltd CSRA.S> Exxon Corp XON> unit Esso Exploration Production Australia Inc> CSR agree sell Delhi Australia Fund> (DAF) Esso 985 mln Australian dlrs. The sale effective tomorrow joint statement. The previously announce float Delhi proceed CSR statement. Delhi Australia Fund own Delhi Petroleum Pty Ltd> hold average 25 pct Santos Ltd STOS.S>-led Cooper Eromanga Basin gas liquid projects. In addition purchase price CSR share equally return due increase crude oil condensate price level liquid produce Delhi's interest statement said. "The Esso proposal purchase Delhi beneficial shareholder proceed float" CSR chief executive Bryan Kelman statement. Kelman sale Delhi enable CSR focus effort expand area sugar building material CSR successful management experience strong market leadership. With sale CSR able expand business aggressively earlier said. As report separately soon announce Delhi sale CSR launch takeover bid 68.26 pct Pioneer Sugar Mills Ltd> already hold value entire issue capital 219.6 mln dlrs. After Bass Strait onshore Cooper Eromanga Basin Australia's large oil gas produce current gross oil production 45000 barrel (BDP) gas liquid output 30000 BPD gas sale 480 mln cubic foot CSR-Esso statement said. The purchase give Esso 50/50 partner The Broken Hill Pty Co Ltd BRKN.S> Bass Strait onshore production Australia said. Esso's chairman Stuart McGill hop Esso assist maintain rate oil gas discovery Cooper-Eromanga area. "These discovery Australia's self-sufficiency oil reserve thereby offset decline Bass Strait production way" McGill said. In separately release letter CSR shareholder Kelman CSR day complete plan float CSR Petroleum receive offer Esso. He CSR convince sale correct decision view risk associate oil business. The price-sharing arrangement provide CSR share equally Esso high return oil price average 20 U.S. Dlrs barrel said. Kelman revaluation CSR's investment Delhi net realisable value CSR's annual balance-date result extraordinary loss 97 mln dlrs. However revaluation profit sale asset significantly reduce loss said. He CSR sufficiently encourage future prospect opportunity reposition core business foreshadow increase final dividend payable July 10 cent nine annual 19 cent 18 1985/86. REUTER 