Consumers benefit telephone service restriction regional Bell company ease safeguard rate hike need congressional industry analyst say. An ease restriction U.S. District Court bring service market regional firm currently prohibit serve analyst say. But consumer group add danger regional company raise rate subsidize entry market safeguard need prevent that. Brian Moir spokesman International Communications Association telephone user "If safeguard high rate competition consumer choice." The seven regional Bell company create breakup American Telephone Telegraph Co T> 1984 prohibit term divestiture decree manufacturing equipment offering computerize information service provide long-distance service. U.S. District Judge Harold Greene preside divestiture continue enforce term currently consider Justice Department recommendation eliminate restriction except long-distance service Bell hold company's local service region. In separate filing week regional Bells Greene remove restriction industry consumer group include Consumer Federation America join ATT ask retained. ATT 80 pct share interstate long-distance market filing oppose entry Bell company computerize information service participation long-distance service manufacturing equipment. ATT offer computerize information services. ATT Federal Communications Commission separate proceed reduce price rate regulation dominate long-distance years. Greene expect reach decision whether ease restriction possibly summer analyst said. "The restriction prevent provide service provide them" congressional aide. However major concern consumer group lawmaker company subsidize business high charge customers. "We're talk activity fund directly indirectly back ratepayers" Moir. One congressional aide worried subsidize business profit concerned Bell company overcharge consumer invest services. Some analyst accounting regulation protect consumer cross-subsidization Bell companies. "Those type really review" Gerry Salemme aide House Telecommunications Consumer Protection Finance Subcommittee. He add House hold hearing examine potential effect reduce restrictions. Gene Kimmelman Consumer Federation represent 200 consumer group accounting regulation inadequate accountant separate equipment employ traditional services. "We yet adequate regulatory safeguard exist prevent cross-subsidization Bell companies" Kimmelman said. "You're either ask increase rate opportunity cross-subsidization." One congressional aide express concern lift restriction lead joint venture U.S. foreign firm manufacturing telecommunication equipment lead loss American jobs. He suggest safeguard need protect happening. Reuter 