Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone beleaguer political turmoil set Wednesday tough mission Washington aim defuse serious U.S.-Japanese trade tension recent memory. Two round talk President Reagan Nakasone schedule Thursday Friday heel imposition United States punitive tariff Japanese good World War Two. In past bilateral trade friction involve cotton good steel television set textile car end Japan take voluntary export curbs. Nakasone's visit coincide passage protectionist trade bill U.S. House Representatives. A propose amendment bill draft Representative Richard Gephardt Missouri mandate 10 pct annual reduction trade surplus Japan nation trade gap United States. The United States record trade deficit 169.8 billion dlrs Japan account one-third. Foreign Ministry spokesman Yoshifumi Matsuda recently reasonably optimistic result talk leaders. Top U.S. Japanese official shuttle forth across Pacific lay groundwork Nakasone's visit. The talk lead main event Washington Wednesday U.S. Secretary State George Shultz Foreign Minister Tadashi Kuranari. Nakasone economic package work ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) advisory body lead former Bank Japan Governor Haruo Maekawa. Japan plan spend 5000 billion yen boost domestic demand increase import U.S. product include supercomputer develop country government official said. The government make ditch effort Nakasone's trip address outstanding bilateral issue official said. The issue include foreign access Japanese overseas telecommunication venture six billion dlr international airport project western Japan. Nakasone party week reach compromise accord opposition party controversial sale tax plan exchange parliamentary passage Lower House government draft budget 1987/88. The accord offer House Speaker Kenzaburo Hara virtually kill Nakasone-sponsored plan left future tax reform plan political analyst said. Nakasone lead party resound electoral triumph July popularity drop sale tax. His party suffer setback Upper House by-election nationwide local election past months. Mitsuru Uchida professor political science Waseda University told Reuters: "I doubt whatever Nakasone Washington -- matter -- restore weaken power-base home." Many analyst Nakasone step Venice summit industrialize nation June. Reuter 