President Reagan willing compromise Democrats Congress plan raise federal revenue plan reform budget process White House Budget Chief James Miller said. "If Democrats insist president whatever agree tax increase they'd forget he's that" Miller interview Reuters. "But lot revenue president propose (in January budget plan) I look seriously at" added. The Reagan budget widely criticize Democrats Republicans Congress envisages raise 22 billion dlrs revenue sale package government asset fee federal services. President Reagan repeatedly vowed veto tax increase vote Congress 1988 financial argue cut domestic spending reduce huge federal deficit. The deficit total 221 billion dlrs expect decline 175 billion dlrs fall 140 billion dlrs budget blueprint recently approve Congress. The trillion dlr congressional budget plan contains 19 billion dlr additional revenue tax government's budgetary begin October 1. The plan additional revenue raise leave House Ways Means Senate Finance committee fill detail year. Miller appear signal president consider sort tax increase despite frequently state rejection concept. However Miller decline revenue source acceptable president. "I counterproductive (set options) suggest mind" White House budget chief said. He caution Congress political repercussion move raise excise tax beer cigarette telephone service raise corporate personal income tax rates. "I Congress simple matter increase excise tax underestimate get themselves into" said. "What don't really realize political opposition feel excise tax lot hotter tahn political opposition user fee way asset sales" continued. "But lot revenue issue government probably ought addressed" said. Before agree revenue package president insist reform budget process Miller said. "The president sucker punch. He's sit try negotiate budget can't sure whatever president agrees delivered" emphasized. "We'd budget process give contract president agrees depend come through." After return United States economic summit Venice earlier month President Reagan revive earlier unsuccessful campaign budget reform call constitutional amendment require balance budget -- call "line-item veto" -- block individual item congressional spending bills. At Venice summit U.S. trading partner call Washington cut budget deficit reduce global trade imbalances. Miller told Italian journalist yesterday U.S. trading partner "have faith trust ability United tate deal problems." He deficit cut 40 45 billion dlrs "is optimal rate reduction deficit. I don't deficit overnight... I we've gradual reduction period years." Miller Beaver Creek attend sixth annual World Forum gathering current former government official representative discuss economic political issues. Reuter 