Opec Conference President Rilwanu Lukman produce below 15.8 mln bpd ceiling December partly liftings delayed postpone customer unwilling pay fix Opec prices. Lukman brief visit London Jamaica told Reuters telephone interview February Opec underproduced partly strictly abide production quota partly resist temptation sell discount official price 18 dlrs barrel. "We determine stand firm (December) accord" said. "I spoken Opec minister commit make accord work" said. Lukman give specific figure February output. He Opec secretariat Vienna finalize figures. Told Reuters survey publish estimate Opec output week below 15 mln bpd said; "That correct." Opec"s news agency Opecna issue statement say output "well below" ceiling February. But give figures. But source close Opec indicate February output 15.3 15.5 mln bpd. The Reuter survey estimate Opec February output 16 mln bpd. Opec agree December cut output 7.25 pct 15.8 mln bpd return fix price start February 1. Lukman Qatar Nigeria Saudi Arabia Iran produce February below Opec quotas. Iraq honour 1.466 mln bpd quota December pact produce anticipate said. Lukman industry report "may correct" February Nigeria propuced 75-100000 bpd below 1.238 mln bpd quota Saudi Arabia 500000 bpd 4.133 mln allocation Qatar 20 30 pct 285000 bpd quota. He sweet crude produce country come price pressure currently officially price above sweet North Sea grade United States" West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude. However Opec December anticipate demand slack seasonal reason expect market firm weeks. "We patient weeks. The market firm actual fundamentals" add expect "up up" beyond official price April. This traditionally demand gasoline-rich crude Nigeria"s. The Opec President producer Kuwait Venezuela Indonesia have problem output producer country export oil products. Also Venezuela"s heavy grade outside Opec pricing said. Lukman refiner-buyers refuse lift Opec oil official price instead stock ran "dangerous levels" eventually buy Opec oil. "When realise free-for-all (in market) realise buy instead pay on" said. Lukman industry report Nigeria pressure equity producer term term negotiable flexible constant review market weak. He meeting seven-nation ministerial differential committee schedule meeting twice-postponed priority Opec moment. "At priority right" said. "The ensure accord work deal differential cent grades." But Opec member raise concern objection differential meeting call said. Reuter 