Government monetary authority stag concert effort calm spread panic Japanese stock exchange market analyst limit ability succeed. "The ability Big Four (Japanese security houses) Finance Ministry limited" Barclays de Zoete Wedd economist Peter Morgan. Finance Ministry official security company afternoon calm panic sell Tokyo Stock Exchange ministry official said. Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone quote Kyodo News Service say watch stock market situation. But reject comparison 1929 stock market collapse subsequent recession. Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa Tokyo stock market gravely affected downturn New York London clear sign Japanese economic recovery exchange rate stability. Bank Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita try calm panic say statement stock market excessively concerned economic future. Traditionally house -- Nomura Securities Co Ltd Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd Daiwa Securities Co Ltd Nikko Securities Co Ltd -- influence market sheer size overwhelm market share. This strength past brokerage calm market guidance Finance Ministry analyst said. But analyst question whether brokerage already suffer heavy loss fall bond market past strength turn around. "The question Japanese brokerage strong force investor buy" Johsen Takahashi research director Mitsubishi Research Institute. "If consider suffer serious loss bond market U.S. Investments debatable whether support buying" said. "We support extent can't completely suppress selling" Japanese broker. Some analyst percentage share cross-held financial institution corporation stabilise effect market. Some 80 pct share held corporate shareholder Keikichi Honda manager Bank Tokyo Ltd's economic research division. "This tightly woven textile. In strong Wall Street." But analyst express doubt argument. "If percent share cross held everything happens edge relative move larger" Kleinwort Benson Ltd financial analyst Simon Smithson. "Selling drive price enormous distance liquidity." "You don't volume decline market -- huge imbalance seller buyers" Barclay's Morgan. Shares held term "stable shareholders" bank company firm onto market outlook get bad analsyst said. "Closely held share unclosely held" Morgan. But prospect unlikely company improve earnings prospect sell share cash flow reasons. REUTER 