Toshiba Corp TSBA.T> Japanese electronics plan enter Britain's liberalise telecommunication equipment market risk become casualty current word trade Japan U.K. Government industry source said. U.K. Authorities lose patience Japanese trading practice seek way retaliate unleash damage trade war. "Toshiba's timing seem unfortunate company come exactly look someone punch" official told Reuters. Earlier Toshiba Information Systems (U.K.) Ltd> want enter British facsimile key telephone market. A facsimile machine sends print data telephone line key telephone switch call industry source said. The move Toshiba come middle dispute Japan's refusal telecommunication market foreign companies. "Toshiba's timing extraordinary" official Department Trade Industry (DTI) said. Tomorrow U.K. Government consider legal action press Japanese reform. Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher notice U.K. Would fight Japanese government's attempt prevent Cable Wireless Plc CAWL.L> take significant position Japanese international telecommunication venture. "We regard test case" told Parliament. But U.K. Is keen movement issue Japan worried recent anti-Japanese rhetoric cause development official said. Japanese official Tokyo reiterate Japan plan bow U.K. And U.S. Pressure foreign telecommunication firm big role there. The government competition deregulation market major political theme unlikely final decision tomorrow act Japan official said. Detailed consideration issue shelve Thatcher's official visit Soviet Union end today. "We wait Prime Minister decide do. The DTI pas ball soon return tonight" DTI official said. He Toshiba's application consider Office Telecommunications (OFTEL). An OFTEL spokeswoman "a decision application week maybe months." Asked whether Toshiba's bid fall victim British retaliation OFTEL spokeswoman said: "Who know what's happen current situation!" A Toshiba executive name told Reuters: "We anticipate special problems." Some analyst query Reuters question basis Britain's strong stand Cable Wireless bid. One company's proposal equivalent Japanese company want stake Mercury International subsidiary Cable Wireless real competitor British Telecommunications Plc BTY.L>. British Corporate Affairs minister Michael Howard leaf Japan Saturday. The minister seek clear timetable Japan easy access British institution Japanese financial market reciprocate easy access Japanese security house bank City London. Britain threaten Financial Services Act revoke deny licence Japanese brokerage house satisfaction. But British authority happy force weapon government source said. Sir Nicholas Goodison Chairman London Stock Exchange New York yesterday sanction Japanese financial institution operating U.K. Would London's ambition lead centre corporate financing security trading. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson warn yesterday negative effect trade British economy. Such development hit U.K. Exports sharply alter outlook election economic recovery government's main theme political analyst said. REUTER 