Preparations launch Swiss option future exchange bill completely electronic market advanced stage accord project team. The Swiss Options Financial Futures Exchange (Soffex) departure introduce additional range financial instrument electronic trading method traditionally conservative Swiss market. There physical exchange floor trading clearing system completely automated. The market due start operating January 1988 follow series innovation bourse Zurich Basle Geneva aim prevent loss keen competition London Frankfurt. These innovation include introduction October continuous trading major share plan establish single continuously update Swiss share index month supplement various index produce major bank close experiment electronic trading. Banks themselves initiative launch cover warrant share Swiss companies. "If Switzerland want maintain expand international prominence portfolio management banker fund manager modern instrument disposal competitors" say Soffex president Rudolf Mueller director Union Bank Switzerland. The computer terminal conduct confine Switzerland. It unclear Swiss-based institution seek membership exchange. Formal application due month preliminary survey complete Soffex project team week show strong membership. "The response Swiss foreign institution country encouraging" say Philippe Bollag project team. Hans Kaufmann follow Swiss equity Bank Julius Baer say regulate trade option exchange boost foreign Swiss share possibly increase bourse turnover generally. The possibility protect portfolio hedge attract Swiss institutional investor Kaufmann added. Soffex private company five major Swiss bank bourse Zurich Geneva Basle. Trading initially limited stock option 10 15 lead Swiss bearer shares. An option contract Swiss share index follow six month trading financial future delayed unspecified future date. Options foreign share add later. Participants either broker dealer operating market computer terminal offices. Trading conduct exclusively exchange. Exchange membership bank trader brokerage firm office Switzerland Clearing Members recognise bank Swiss law. The trading base Digital Equipment Corp software hardware provide display bid offer price match order electronically allows anonymous negotiation block order maintains members' books. An "interest" facility aim help participant gauge market mood show user watch particular instrument time. Most electronic clearing function carry overnight. Each contract cover five share instead 100 share normally trade exist option future market United States London Amsterdam Stockholm. This reflect Swiss share cost thousand francs. Bearer share F. Hoffman-La Roche und Co AG HOFZ.Z> likely Soffex opening list quote week 209000 franc each. Contracts initally offer end-months follow trading date plus subsequent January April July October end-months. Longer maturity add future market liquidity permits. Detailed provision work area margin requirement position limit supervisory regulatory function exchange brokerage fees. Banks poll Reuters random survey enthusiastic Soffex reticent level involvement exchange's prospect success. "We're move completely surroundings require change psychology" security dealer major Swiss bank. "We Switzerland sit screen nobody shout you." Moving trade option require considerable investment equipment staff participants. Completely deal back-office skill acquire bank already send staff abroad training. REUTER 