Several lead farm-state Congressmen press U.S. Agriculture Department implement marketing loan soybean export competitive protect farm income. Speaking House grain subcommittee hearing chairman Dan Glickman D-Kan. propose Congressmen representative soybean grower meet USDA subject weeks. "Let's try push (USDA) legislation" Glickman told hearing. The current soybean loan rate effectively 4.56 dlrs bushel income protection marketing loan. David Haggard American Soybean Association ASA president USDA change soybean program. The current soybean "gave bad worlds" ASA's Haggard told hearing. The 1987 loan rate relative corn encourage expansion soybean production South America said. At U.S. soybean loan rate low provide income support soybean farmer Haggard said. "We market loan" added. The 1985 farm bill provide authority Agriculture Secretary implement marketing loan soybean USDA resist pressure authority. Representatives ASA met earlier month USDA Haggard USDA official give indication seriously consider offering marketing loan. USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz yesterday soybean situation "dilemna" study extensively department. But change consideration. In testimony Haggard indicate way marketing loan consider soybean grower so-called producer option payment direct payment program. Haggard bar change Commodity Credit Corporation CCC soybean stock 385 mln bu rise 500 mln August. A far 100 mln bu soybean forfeit September end-year. "Thus CCC equivalent Brazil's entire soybean crop calendar 1987" Haggard said. However Haggard U.S. cautious make soybean change allow European Community challenge U.S. General Agreement Tariffs Trade GATT. He note The EC import quarter U.S. soybean production loss market devastating. The Reagan administration "mixed signals" whether believe marketing loan soybean successfully challenged GATT EC Haggard said. While ASA position support 5.02 dlrs bu loan rate combine marketing loan Haggard endorse proposal Rep. Jerry Huckaby D-La. six dlrs bu loan rate apply marketing loan. The Huckaby proposal support rank Republican House Agriculture committee Rep. Edward Madigan Illinois. Subcommittee chairman Glickman endorse action soybean caution marketing loan mean substantial increase budget costs. Glickman note Agriculture Committee cut 1.5 billion dlrs fiscal 1988 budget therefore fit soybean change overall budget. Haggard soybean loan rate six dlrs bu combine marketing loan U.S. soybean price fall dlrs bu initially. This cost government maximum billion dlrs. But cost decline market price recovered. Reuter 