U.S. And West German reaffirmation support Louvre Accord cannot cure fundamental problem bedevilling economy lie behind current collapse stock market London economist said. "There's acknowledgement dollar allow slip" Richard Jeffrey Hoare Govett. "If continued fear pressure emerges dollar Fed force tighten. This throw economic abyss recession U.S. With obvious knock effect rest world." But economist add Wall Street's crash drag major market curb problem spark turmoil - namely inflation fear massive persistent U.S. Trade deficits. "If benefit 23 pct fall Wall Street ...It's sort resistance inflation worldwide" Geoffrey Dennis broker James Capel echo comment London Tokyo analysts. Lower personal wealth low stock price fear far fall dampen credit growth curb inflationary pressure import demand U.S. They say. Such consideration help bond market resist equity crash accord Mike Osborne Kleinwort Grieveson. "It suicidal government context happen couple day jack rates" added. Stocks surge news Chemical Bank cut prime lending rate half 9.25 pct Tuesday U.S. Fed chairman Alan Greenspan pledge support financial system. The news erode immediate fear stock collapse spill economy via banking crisis example precipitate recession. It help dollar rally sharply 1.8200 mark European low 1.7880. But economist today's whiplash move term significance market try keep underlie fundamental mind. "The United States able live borrow time. If effect (crash) produce slow economic growth recession...It contains news (and) provide realistic assessment U.S. Economy" Capel's Dennis. But add market danger. "The liquidity doesn't disappear...All it's do disappear equity markets" Dennis noted. David Morrison Goldman Sachs International market turbulence exacerbate Group Seven (G-7) lead western nation confirms base dollar imply West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg's remark intervention support currency on. Last week's dollar fall partly trigger expectation Germans worried money supply impact intervention maintain currency stability. But rigid adherence dollar range bad Morrison. "The Louvre Accord fundamentally misconceived. To stabilise dollar level wrong" said. Reuter 