Boeing Co attempt recreate money-losing de Havilland Aircraft Canada Ltd image. But process complex company bad shape expect time-consuming accord de Havilland president Ron Woodard. Yet Woodard former Boeing executive believe makeover absolutely essential revitalize historic company Boeing bought Canadian government ago. "These complex deep problem don't change overnight" Woodard told Reuters interview outline vision transform de Havilland diversified manufacturer cog Boeing's worldwide operations. "We've order. We've lot Boeing (sub-contract) we've Boeing's system worldwide support system." But base de Havilland's turbulent flight path recent task easy. Formed 1928 offshoot British operation start Geoffrey de Havilland company variety aircraft. During World War II produce unique wooden Mosquito bomber Allied Command. In postwar de Havilland become renowned internationally rugged bush planes. Canada's Liberal government interested develop de Havilland's STOL (Short Take Off Landing) technology acquire firm 1974 pour 830 mln Canadian dlrs dozen help develop 50-seat Dash 7 39-seat Dash 8 commuter aircraft. Amid accusation sellout pro-business Conservative government sell company Boeing 1986 90 mln Canadian dlrs price Boeing's 747s. Woodard believe de Havilland profit 1982 suffer neglect government control. It bad condition anticipate company approach Ottawa compensation believe unexpected shortcoming plant. "We found shock surprise August serious health safety regulation violations" Woodard. Although divulge sought Woodard excess 10 mln Canadian dlrs already spent replace plant's outmode ventilation system. Yet Woodard optimistic Boeing's manufacturing system company begin deliver plane profit -- possibly half. "We've product everyone head we're eat rest world" Woodard predicted. Company official production 6-mln-U.S.-dlr Dash 8 double month hope reach six month end. Some 63 Dash 8 option purchase 27. For brand "stretch" extend version plane 23 order 11 option. Woodard de Havilland command grip North American commuter market boom airline deregulation company 30 pct market share worldwide. "I'd overseas penetrations. There lot place start deregulate. I growth probably Europe" said. De Havilland 5500 employee 4300 Boeing bought company. All manufacturing locate Downsview Airport site Toronto. Reuter 