The bad Japan's batter economy economist expect vigorous recovery anytime soon. Japanese bank economist poll Reuters economy's 18 month-old slowdown likely half help rise export stepped-up government spending fall prices. "The economy bottom middle year" Sumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist Masahiko Koido. Industrial Bank Japan Ltd senior economist Susumu Taketomi agreed. "It (the bottom) offing" said. But add recovery slow. Growth fiscal begin month pick-up 2.2 pct pct current said. Signs economy weather bad increasing. The volume export month rise slightly year-on-year basis decline year. Although due extraordinary factor sharp rise car export rebuild deplete European stock economist mark begin recovery. Industrial production fell 0.7 pct January small expect forecast government rise 0.3 pct February 2.6 pct March. A Bank Japan survey release week show decline Japanese corporate earnings near end. And Paris currency accord month foster hope rapid yen rise said. Six nation - U.K. Canada France Japan U.S. And West Germany - pledge Paris month stabilise currency current levels. The yen's 40 pct climb dollar hit export-driven economy hard force company raise price lose sale U.S. Market. "The exchange rate" Taketomi said. If stabilises firm grow confident raise investment plant equipment sign yet economist said. A stable yen exporter regain competitive edge U.S economy start recover economist said. Domestically economy boost loosening government's tight fiscal policy Haruo Muto manager economics Bank Tokyo Ltd. The reading economy's health week release gnp figure quarter 1986. Most private economist expect rise 0.5 pct previous quarter. In third quarter GNP rise 0.6 pct. But senior government official fourth quarter figure surprise show rise quarter-on-quarter. But add statistical aberration significant shift economic activity. To maintain year-on-year growth 2.5 pct economy rise 1.2 pct fourth quarter final quarter 1985 strong. The rise fourth quarter 1985 probably statistical anomaly repeat final month 1986 official said. Economists fourth quarter figure distort government's sale gold coin half 1986. Because coin classify legal tender purchase show statistic consumer expenditure. Consumer spending tail December bad weather smaller-than-normal end-year bonus said. As government buy coin retailer unsold government's contribution economy fourth quarter boost economist said. Taketomi receive far boost government buying farm product domestic crop good. The senior government official fourth quarter performance domestic sector probably bad generally expect external sector better. REUTER 