The London Metal Exchange's LME decision introduce dollar-denominated aluminium contract Port Singapore list delivery positive move physical trader LME dealer said. Earlier week LME declare 99.70 pct minimum purity aluminium contract commence trading June 1 1987 alongside long-established sterling-based 99.50 pct contract. This LME's dollar contract non-European delivery Board Committee look Singapore delivery contracts. Trade source LME's contract conform exist industry practice 99.70 standard re-melt material price dollar commonly traded. The location warehouse Singapore positive move LME ideal location Australian Japanese trader able metal warrant speedily relatively inexpensively said. Hedging LME ring session becomes simpler dollar contract. At pre-market trading exclusively dollar-based currency conversion sterling ring added. LME ring dealer contract match closely trade requirement possibly alleviate recent wide backwardations. Very little physical 99.50 pct purity metal nearly produce Eastern Bloc country Romania. The Soviet Union produce 99.50 pct decline exporter recently said. Some dealer 99.70 contract suffer liquidity problem initially continue centre ordinary brand (gob) contract holder short position LME. But contract soon attract trading 99.70 metal already attract LME's warehouse backwardations. The LME viable liquidity base contract compare Comex market New York grade aluminium future particularly active said. Thus seem likely sterling contract eventually lose trading volume decline. Like standard zinc supersede grade contract gob aluminium probably replace process longer added. Forming contract establish Singapore warehouse constructive move LME backwardations physical trading difficult totally disappear result trade source said. These premium prompt metal semi-permanent feature due increase volatility trade option presently 50 stg. Increasingly grant option position take place. When declare exercise relevant month physical tightness squeeze date commonplace said. Listing Singapore delivery allows Far Eastern operator deliver aluminium LME warehouse instead have cover. But tightness backwardations see continue LME's option contract widen gap declaration prompt dates. These due third Wednesday month whereas fall 20th 25th. Backwardations remain operator continue grant option potential tonnage deliver exceeds aluminium stock level LME option trader said. Reuter 