West Germany's big bank withhold support Volkswagen AG VOWG.F> management month's annual meeting VW currency scandal. Deutsche Bank AG DBKG.F> abstain vote exonerate VW management supervisory board represent shareholder employee unless auditor's report currency scandal publish July 2 annual meeting either clearly absolves blame management board. Several shareholder group vote management promise stormy annual meeting. If majority shareholder group top management Europe's big carmaker dismissed. Deutsche expect result auditor's report currency fraud cost VW 260 mln dlrs publish annual meeting. But letter Deutsche customer deposit VW share bank Deutsche wrote: "Without knowledge result position suggestion exoneration management board supervisory board." "Unless instruction contrary abstain share ... reserve vote exoneration management board supervisory board seem line result auditor's report" added. A strong shareholder vote management empower supervisory board dismiss management chooses move mandatory. A member supervisory board receive exoneration annual meeting step down. An abstention no-vote bank behalf customer management vote confidence. German bank traditionally huge proxy vote annual meeting support management company represent supervisory board. VW management board chairman Carl Hahn April 1986 profit hit scandal document relate currency arbitrage allegedly fake profit 1987 affected. Following scandal finance director Rolf Selowsky resign former chief dealer Bobby Junger arrested. Deutsche represent 8-10 pct VW's share capital source F. Wilhelm Christians bank's management board spokesman (chief executives) VW supervisory board. Banking source Deutsche furious VW bank lead international placement VW share company's record right issue September. Less month VW announce sharp fall interim profit bashing share price severely dent confidence German share market generally. A spokesman Savings Bank Association German saving bank vote discharge Selowsky depend whether auditor's report publish abstain vote management board members. The federal government Lower Saxony together 40 pct VW shareholders' votes. It unclear vote. Associations represent shareholder ensure annual meeting heated. The Protective Association Securities Ownership vote entire management board Protective Society Small Shareholders vote supervisory board. A spokeswoman Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft AG auditor commission VW March investigate scandal decline comment report issued. Reuter 