The European Community want eliminate obstacle free movement good service 1992 laudable goal sent shiver spine closest trading neighbours. Europe's outsider -- six European Free Trade Association (EFTA) -- fear grow 12 EC member country market 320 mln half time U.S. And Community celebrates 30th anniversary non-EC country Ankara Oslo attitude emerge say "If can't beat join them." In June 1985 Community adopt plan create "internal market" restriction include goal everything tourism rule bank accounting. The plan extensive EFTA country -- Switzerland Austria Sweden Norway Finland Iceland -- decade close trade tie hard adopt joint position. Last month Turkey formally request EC membership receive polite reply Brussels ripe. In Austria 1955 charter neutrality forbids join political alliance government look way "de facto" EC member. And Norway membership reject 1972 referendum government official wonder whether political climate changed. But nowhere debate existential Switzerland resist alliance 700 years. The Swiss microcosm Europe living geographically heart Europe speak language economy -- Germany France Italy. Swiss neutrality kept country United Nations International Monetary Fund seem preclude membership Community EC's loose link Western defence alliance NATO. But opinion poll late held French-speaking country show majority favour join Community. Since government official stress membership impossible Switzerland everything lock trade barrier inside EC down. State secretary foreign trade Franz Blankart inconceivable Swiss nation -- include conservative German-speaking majority -- vote membership. But Switzerland "satellite" enlarge Community extend area omit found Treaty Rome. These area include pharmaceutical research technological development key economic future Switzerland Community alike adds. "We cannot permit ourselves luxury passively follow Community's dynamic integration" says. The Swiss economy ministry drawn detailed analysis EC White Paper internal market outline Swiss response point. While refer collective EFTA stance official admit issue Switzerland act alone. The EC plan transport example severe impact Switzerland Austria whose road carry traffic Italy EC partners. But rule volume petrol bus allow carry across border importance Sweden Finland. Switzerland want way cross border West Germany France Italy. But afraid liberal border control Denmark EC member non-EC Nordic country pose threat security. And pin field banking insurance -- lifeblood Switzerland's service sector -- Swiss interest prove directly opposite EFTA partner pppppppnarrow tightly protect financial markets. The big danger ahead EFTA divide interest leave EC free whatever guideline standard want force European want trade. REUTER 