China open fifth security market yesterday Tianjin share issue share trading longer agenda economic reform official newspaper Western diplomat said. One Western diplomat share issue backburner ideologically sensitive. The People's Daily month trading share "not compatible socialist materialist civilisation." The newly open market trade bond state-owned firm buyer outnumber seller China Daily said. China's security market 1949 open August Shenyang follow market Shanghai September Peking Harbin year. They trade mostly bonds. "Bonds right. There risk holder question have ownership stake firm" diplomat said. The People's Daily article joint stock company reform medium-size firm nor model reform China's ownership system. Share issue worker own economic advantage firm nation People's Daily said. As late December official push idea share issue channel excess cash economy production reduce state's investment burden motivate share-owning employee harder. In November Liu Hongru deputy governor People's Bank China told delegation New York Stock Exchange long-term fund market built "with stock bond issuance main form." "Stocks bond issue bank trust investment company ... The transfer security conduct financial institution ... The opening secondary market study trial experiments" Liu said. The subject share issue trading widely cover official press usually positive way. One far-reaching proposal Peking university professor. He essential firm joint stock hold company hold control share low 33 pct. The professor argue separate government administrator manager firm key goal China's reforms. He plan company independent unit board directors. The diplomat drop share issue result conservative backlash January resignation reformist Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang. He share issue raise sensitive questions: "What happens value falls? People dissatisfied. What happens person get rich share ownership? The government disparity income." One Chinese journalist condition ripe widespread share issues. "In China success failure firm entirely lie hands. There external factor beyond control" said. "To share purchasing attractive secondary market speculators" said. "But speculation acceptable China." Asked political reason put aside share issue China economics politics cannot separated. "There major review economic reform on. There political factor involved" journalist said. "If economy run political pressure less." Comments official Tianjin market echoed caution. The China Daily quote official say China intend develop stock exchange equivalent West socialist economic system. "Given special circumstance country approach phenomenon contemplative comprehensive guide trading onto healthy track" said. REUTER 