Some economist fear recession stock exchange continue plunge. Others sanguine. The pessimist stock shakeout destroy personal asset dampen consumption. "The real economic effect significant -- destruction wealth deflationary impact economy" economist U.S. Securities house. But economist fear overblown. "Because low appreciation corporate personal asset negative impact observe (in U.S.)" Keikichi Honda manager economic research Bank Tokyo Ltd. "But appreciation stock price play major role entire U.S. Gross product (GNP)" Honda said. The pessimist note record fall Wall Street Monday spark fear U.S. Economy head recession serious slowdown earlier expected. But optimist dampen effect consumption due stock market loss likely Japan. "In Japan weight stock individuals' total asset U.S. And total weight individuals' holding stock market damage U.S." economist Japan's major brokerage houses. "Japan take strong measure stimulate domestic demand impact reduction asset value major impact" Bank Tokyo's Honda. Optimists point incipient decline U.S. Interest rate positive sign U.S. Economy. "U.S. Interest rate come feel rate hit ceiling U.S. Economy strong direct impact collapse share prices" Toshiaki Kakimoto Sumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist. Some economist suggest market continue slump major industrial nation discus joint lower official discount rates. "Until week discussion low rate unthinkable it's not" Japanese brokerage economist. "There move purely rational emotional -- it's central bankers' nightmare" foreign economist. "It require strong global leadership politician snuff out" said. However "previously stock correction due fear high rate resurgence inflation depreciation dollar" Nobuyuki Ueda senior economist Long-Term Credit Bank Ltd. "Now uneasy feel outlook U.S. Economy" Ueda said. "If stock market lead indicator future movement economy decline significant implication U.S. Economy" said. "If low level hold keep consumption unrealised gain curb consumption" Salomon Brothers (Asia) Ltd economist Ron Napier. "If paper gain aren't won't spend." A U.S. Recession trigger similar decline economy economist said. "I don't recession U.S. Would trigger recession nation Japan show economic performance" LTCB's Ueda said. "But can't rule possibility U.S. Is play dominant role economy." REUTER 