Automobile dealership multi-store operation large sell 1 billion dlrs worth vehicle year. Around auto industry talk merger buyout dealership rumor large consider offering share analyst say. Retail car sale "are transition. There's that's table term creative thinking" way sell car say David Cole analyst University Michigan's Transportation Research Institute. The retail car market "much freeform now" 1956 change say Detroit analyst Arvid Jauppi Arvid Jauppi Associates. Thirty ago 1956 situation different. Dealerships sell car--a "Chevy" Ford Studebaker. The average dealer 17 employee sell 738000 dlrs worth vehicle accord National Automobile Dealers Association. That tiny car overseas--Germany's Volkswagen Beatle--began gain popularity. The "Bug" cause "a rebellion" dealer demand great freedom restriction place major American automaker say Jauppi. One visible change retail car sale size dealership auto analyst say. Last average dealership 11.2 mln dlrs sales--a 15-fold increase 1956--and employ 34 workers. "I guy tell make six seven mln dlrs didn't money" say Cole. "There's lot rich guy sell car cars" says. With increase size dealer buying dealership auto analyst sign trend up. Donald Keithley vice president dealer service J.D. Power California-based market research firm say 1990 12000 dealership compare 16800 principal owner today. Many dealer experiment own franchise compete other. "It Chevrolet dealer Chevrolet dealer. Now Chevrolet dealer handle lines" Jauppi says. As dealer big industry official talk possibility publicly-owned international operations. Offering share option dealer "are obviously think seriously" say Cole. Although franchise offering Jauppi say obstacle trading car dealer shares. "Dealers public. The manufacturer care dealer sell cars. It happen time" Jauppi says. "If look merger mania look scale dealer it's hard resist take public" analyst. And Jauppi say dealership expect international. "We're international dealers--dealer network worldwide" says. U.S. dealer attract particularly Europe market expand faster U.S. says. "It's totally wall" say Cole. Reuter 