China's Finance Minister Wang Bingqian report 1986 budget deficit nine billion yuan prescribe austerity measure 1987 budget speech Thursday foreign banker diplomat told Reuters. Chinese official 1986 deficit "several billion" surplus 2.82 billion 1985 follow six deficit include record 17 billion yuan shortfall 1979. They exact figure. The official blame deficit excessive investment fix asset consumer demand drop efficiency firm trade deficit low income import duties. "China need nationwide campaign increase production cut expenditure" official Peking Review editorial yesterday. "China institute mean effective control macro-economy invigoration enterprise large one particular emphasise quality efficiency reduce consumption" said. Only measure magazine "can overall supply-demand balance society secure economy develop steadily period." A Western diplomat major factor deficit estimate nine billion yuan drop efficiency wage rise firm whose profit tax account substantial revenue. The State Statistical Bureau (SSB) month profit tax firm 1986 fell 0.2 pct 1985 119.3 billion yuan production cost budget loss rise product quality unstable. The SSB profit firm fell bad management rapid change external conditions. "For material firm compete free market price double material buy fix quota state" diplomat said. "The firm subject proper market discipline cannot bankrupt repay bank loan employ worker whether them. Under condition cannot properly adjust economic lever introducing" said. Another diplomat Wang's major excess demand economy cause wage increase ahead industrial growth excess growth capital construction. "He dampen growth raise tax cut government expenditure" said. "China's economy inherently unstable either trough." He Wang reaffirm theme repeat leader start -- thrift improve efficiency cut investment outside plan reduce consumption bring demand supply balance. "There surprises" diplomat said. The diplomat sign thrifty time lack banquet visit major Chinese industrial city. "Normally foreign guest's visit chance boy feast Mao Tai (a strong liquor) turtle sea slug banquet return me. But none visit" said. He add economic reform slow particular price change issue share raise sensitive issue ownership ideology. Bond issue raise dilemma continue added. A North American banker estimate deficit eight billion yuan economic policy affected drive "bourgeois liberalism" phrase meaning Western political ideas. "In China political dictate economic policy" said. "The deficit give conservative stick beat reformer demand economic austerity. "One China's top economic policy maker told week 1987 consolidation firm overseas investment low import funding source internally." The banker comfortable China's stability month ago drive launch resignation Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang. "There leftist alternative reforms" said. "There policy strict central control. But reform years. What confuse mix control market economies." REUTER 