Latin America urgently need money grow deepen debt crisis fresh idea stimulate lending quickly seem short supply. Bankers official academic conference organize Massachusetts Institute Technology stress importance proper economic policy increase private investment. But offer glimpse grand design banish specter widespread repudiation region's 380 billion dlr debt. "Such solution sight" Nobel Prize-winning economist Franco Modigliani. The conference held background recent suspension payment Brazil Ecuador Argentine finance secretary Mario Brodersohn spell clearly economic strain cause service billion dlrs debt. Brodersohn negotiate currently foreign bank 2.15 billion dlr loan 1987 say Argentina grow pct annual rate 1992 simply restore caput income level 1975. He investment need fuel growth partly structural economic reform alone enough. "We reduce transfer resources" Brodersohn add mount economic strain Latin America matter urgency. Brodersohn Latin official spell achieved. The creditors' strategy spell U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker October 1985 spur additional lending private bank multilateral development bank return economic reforms. But widespread recognition conference Baker Plan fall short expectations. Miguel Urrutia senior official Inter-American Development Bank instance IADB lending actually decline 1986 start slowly 1987. Mexico due sign 7.7 billion dlr loan Friday major facility Baker Plan call net bank lending 1986 1988 target Morris Goldstein International Monetary Fund optimistic. Deputy Assistant Secretary State Inter-American Affairs Paul Taylor acknowledge Baker Plan "has yet succeed hoped." But debtor conference hop hear official commitment try tack disappoiunted. Ted Truman director International Finance Diviision Federal Reserve Board bank short-sighted lending promptly amount call Baker. He streamline lending process need add "I alterantive course responsible cooperation." A major theme conference economy continue cooperate debtor creditor muddle along. If export market dry recession protectionism speaker warn Latin America hard-pressed service debts. Rimmer de Vries chief international economist Morgan Guaranty Trust Co concerned economic growth 3-1/2 pct cannot sustain West Germany Japan wowuld slack economy arise U.S. narrow trade deficit. "There's deflationary force come mountain I don't who's roll over" de Vries said. He call lending initiative wide menu option alternative pure money. "Can manage lending bit imaginatively?" conference. But idea devise implement Brazil's suspension payment show aptience debtor wear thin. Persio Arida former director Brazizlian central bank key architect country's Cruzado plan curb inflation "incentive problem" throughout Latin America. Reuter 