The Singapore government reduce stake major state-owned run company Singapore Airlines Ltd AIRH.SI> 30 pct decade privatise statutory board government report said. The report Public Sector Divestment Committee recommend flotation government-linked company (glcs) secondary distribution state-owned share add breadth depth Singapore stock market. The Singapore government own back 608 company hold company total asset access 10 billion dlrs report said. The report study 99 glcs show 41 privatise 52 privatise six study far foreign government participation serve "social mission" defence-related. Of 41 15 seek listing The Stock Exchange Singapore Dealing Automated Quotation System (SESDAQ) include shipyard printing firm airport service firms. The government privatise far 17 include Intraco Ltd (a government trading firm) Chemical Industries (FE) Ltd Acma Electrical Industries Ltd reduce stake nine added. These include Singapore Airlines SIA 63 pct-owned government's Temasek Holdings The Development Bank Singapore DBSM.SI> Keppel Corp Ltd KPLM.SI> Sembawang Shipyard Ltd BAWH.SI> Neptune Orient Lines Ltd. The ceiling foreign ownership SIA allow rise 49 pct current 20 pct said. "The committee recommends Temasek Holdings reduces stake (in SIA) tranche 30 pct. The size timing tranche depend absorptive capacity Singapore stock market" added. Trading share SIA paid-up capital 619 mln dlrs close 10.60 dlrs. The report government's 48 pct stake DBS Singapore's major local bank cut 30 pct offering dilution issue shares. Among firm privatise nine wound include storage food trading firms. The report seven statutory board consider privatisation reduce competition private sector 20 pct ceiling foreign ownership. The seven include Telecommunications Authority Singapore Public Utilities Board Port Singapore Authority Civil Aviation Authority Singapore Singapore Broadcasting Corp. The latter able privatise sensitivity activity said. "The privatise various issue thoroughly debate adequate safeguard formulate post-privatisation control regulation" added. "The committee recommends government-linked company privatised" report said. But add "a policy robust privatisation initiative decentralise maintain adequate monitoring control direction." The committee's finding subject final approval Ministry Finance. REUTER 