UAL Inc's diversification hotel rental car downfall analyst said. Digesting acquisition hotel Pan Am Corp's Pacific air route Hertz rental car combine stiff air fare competition left company undervalue stock price analyst said. The vulnerability UAL's stock fuel takeover speculation report real estate magnate Donald Trump bought amount stock. Today UAL executive told Reuters chairman Richard Ferris spoke Trump week. Trump stock investment executive company Trump own whether plans. UAL senior vice president Kurt Stocker company believe diversification strategy feed customer another. Several week ago announce name Allegis take May. "The strategy Dick Ferris talk couple week ago announce Allegis name really end worth sum parts. Unfortunately haven't really understanding" Stocker said. But part - Westin Hotels Hertz rental car United Airlines reservation - Wall Street calculate wide range breakup value 100 dlrs share 130 dlrs share. Analysts aren't sure strategy work. They mention Transworld Corp initially Trans World Airlines example airline diversification go wrong. Transworld Corp end spin TWA airline. Transworld TW Services sell Hilton International UAL. "If negatively bias it's stupid philosophy you're United billion dlrs acquisition idea. There's evidence other" Dean Witter analyst Mark Daugherty. "In short run (UAL's businesses) money perform well" Stocker. He stock price hasn't caught strategy relatively new. Analysts it's earnings relatively poor. Earnings 25 ct share. Louis Marckesano Janney Montgomery predicts 1987 net 3.50 dlrs share. "They're potential enormous. I execution. The strike single big factor 1985. Last industry involve fare wars. They hit harder fare war anyone else" Marckesano. Marckesano United Airlines particularly hurt fare war share Denver hub Texas Air Corp's price-slashing Continental Airlines. Analysts strategy contribute undervalue stock price result strong takeover defense. They UAL paid lot asset company undesireable. "I fairly tough management able battle potential shark able defeat them. These guy aren't pushovers" Steve Lewins airline analyst Citicorp. Lewins believe company ultimately boost stock price level reflect asset improvement earnings. "If nose grindstone we're talk anyone (in airline industry)" said. "The unwind battle Texas Air establish Pacific competition (NWA Inc NWA>) Northwest 1990" Lewins said. UAL rise 2-1/2 62-1/2 heavy volume 1.9 mln shares. Reuter 