The Finance Ministry put finish touch roughly 2000 billion yen supplementary budget 1987/88 start turn attention year's main budget ministry official said. The supplementary budget design finance 6000 billion yen emergency economic package government unveiled month boost domestic demand. Ministry official government issue 1300 billion yen construction bond pay increase investment emergency package. The rest supplementary budget finance 450 billion yen proceeds year's sale share Nippon Telegraph Telephone Corp (NTT) high expect 1986/87 tax revenue official said. One official carry-over tax revenue 1987/88 fiscal April 1 1000 billion yen. Soaring land share price boost receipt especially security land taxes. With half carry-over likely current supplementary budget rest available supplementary budget expect year. The supplementary budget finance government's wage bill know wage talk official said. The government finance tax cut 1000 billion yen promise emergency package contain supplementary budget due present parliament month. The Finance Ministry's budget bureau hop tax carry-over high expect revenue finance supplementary budget said. Officials Finance Ministry issue deficit-financing bond extra proceeds year's NTT share sale fund supplementary budget. Besides supplementary budget government intend introduce tax reform bill parliament upcoming extraordinary session official said. The government force abandon tax reform bill due strong opposition plan introduce five pct sale tax. The sale tax design finance cut individual corporate income taxes. The bill 1000 billion yen-plus tax cut contain emergency package step overhaul country's tax official said. It contain controversial plan phase tax break saving effect October originally plan said. Looking ahead year's main budget Finance Ministry begin debate whether abandon so-called minus ceiling investment. That policy call government department cut investment spending five pct year. Economic Planning Minister Tetsuo Kondo recently policy suspend 1988/89 pending recommendation government's administrative reform council. The ruling Liberal Democratic Party April budget request guideline invesment expenditure reviewed. But official Finance Ministry's budget bureau hopeful policy retained. They fear suspension guideline investment lead increase pressure government loosen grip current expenditure well. The account extend interest-free loan profitable work project developed conjunction private sector official said. In Finance Ministry meet grow pressure boost capital spending maintain tight grip outlay government departments. Surplus fund year's sale NTT share total 3000 billion yen. Based current market price plan sale 1.95 mln share raise 5000 billion yen compare 2000 billion plan main 1987/88 budget. REUTER 