Ecuador seek 437 450 mln dlrs loan multilateral organisation foreign government grapple economic loss devastate earthquake 13 day ago presidential economic adviser said. Foreign government multilateral organisation hold one-third Ecuador's 8.16 billion dlrs total foreign debt news conference presidential palace. But add suspension payment private foreign bank hold rest foreign debt prolong government hop negotiate agreement creditors. President Leon Febres Cordero say earthquake cost country billion dlrs loss left 1000 dead missing. Swett Finance Minister Ecuador August 1984 June 1986 added: "With private foreign bank cease payment Ecuador. "We bring forward respective negotiation whose conclusion hope finalises weeks." Finance Minister Domingo Cordovez week quake-hit Ecuador sought negotiation postpone payment due private foreign bank 1987 year. Although Swett give give detail late plan negotiation private foreign bank calculate suspension payment creditor save government 54.45 billion sucres. This amount equal 363 mln dlrs free rate 150 sucre dollar -- rate Swett reporter calculate dollar equivalent. The Ecuadorean central bank institution remit debt payment abroad us official rate 95 sucre dollar accounting purposes. At official rate 54.45 billion sucres' sum equal 573 mln dlrs. Ecuador squeeze slide price crude main export suspend payment private foreign bank January. Swett government seek refinance 1.429 billion dlr section debt owe Paris Club foreign government continue service debt them. He give details. The government adopt tough austerity Friday intend grapple tremor's economic costs. But country's labour union call strike Wednesday press suspension program. The 500000-strong Unitary Workers' Front (FUT) 100000-member General Union Workers (UGT) call strike cancel measure include rise petrol price 80 cent budget cut 10 cent. The leftist-led FUT backing call Maoist Popular Movement Democracy (MPD) party Congress impeach oust Febres Cordero conservative have adopt austerity measures. Reuter 