Taiwan planning significantly relax foreign exchange control month little prospect sudden outflow capital banker economist poll Reuters said. They statement Premier Yu Kuo-Hua Friday Taiwan suspend control indicate government ready allow Taiwanese firm individual hold invest foreign currency time. "There major shift government policy" Liang Kuo-Shu chairman Chang Hwa Commercial Bank. Yu foreign exchange control foreign currency convert Taiwan dollar suspend Taiwan's trade surplus grows large. He control retain emergency. Yu aim reduce Taiwan's foreign exchange reserve ease pressure money supply. The reserve grown record 53 billion U.S. Dlrs compare 26 billion late March due Taiwan's widen trade surplus. The surplus hit record 15.6 billion dlrs 10.6 billion 1985. Approximately 95 pct surplus U.S. The surplus month rise 2.73 billion dlrs 2.02 billion 1986 period. Money supply grow seasonally adjust 48.22 pct end-february. Bankers economist believe government intend drop foreign exchange control allow Taiwan dollar freely traded. But month restriction probably ease allow Taiwanese firm individual hold foreign exchange earnings overseas investment. Bankers economist likely government lift ban investment foreign stocks. They uncertain whether investment direct channel government-approved funds. Taiwan allow firm individual invest overseas government bond treasury bill certificate deposit year. Bankers Yu's statment indication government become increasingly concerned threat inflation pose grow foreign exchange reserves. Inflation run pct. Mounting reserve see give Washington leverage effort force Taiwan boost value currency reduce trade imbalance. Bankers drop foreign exchange restriction unlikely lead significant capital outflow rise value Taiwan dollar. "All sign capital move in" John Brinsden manager Standard Chartered Bank Taipei. The Taiwan dollar risen 16 pct U.S. Dollar September 1985. It open 34.26 American currency. Most economist believe Taiwan dollar continue rise strong U.S. Pressure appreciation. Economists estimate five billion U.S. Dlrs speculative money flow Taiwan year. Yu's statement surprised local foreign banker regard former central bank governor fiscal arch-conservative. They show Taiwan determine ahead wide-ranging financial liberalisation. "It's straw wind" Brinsden. "It indicates dramatic happen." REUTER 