A quickly grow Texas-based distributor electronics product offer 240 mln dlrs Crazy Eddie Inc crzy> lead New York City electronics retailer dlr share founder bid. The 8-dlr-a-share offer Entertainment Marketing Inc em> Crazy Eddie come week founder Eddie Antar firm control Belzbergs Canada announce bid 32-store Crazy Eddie chain private. Analysts Entertainment Marketing whose revenue profit quadruple 1986 look break highly competitive New York City retail market consumer electronics nation's big fortune electronics retailer sagged. The analyst question whether Houston-based Entertainment Marketing found former electronics retailer whose buinesses primarily wholesale distributor management expertise retailing merely try drive price Crazy Eddie share already owns. "I mixed feelings" analyst Dennis Telzrow Eppler Geurin Turner Dallas brokerage. "On it's probably cheap price. On Entertainment Marketing management talent run Crazy Eddie leave?" "It's risky strategy Entertainment Marketing" analyst Eliot Laurence Wessels Arnold Henderson Minneapolis brokerage. "Electronics retailing management concentrated; they'd keep Crazy Eddie's management place." Laurence Entertainment Marketing already own 4.3 percent Crazy Eddie's 31.3 million share try Antar-Belzberg increase 7-dlr-a-share offer. Shares Crazy Eddie jumped 4-dlr range above 7 dlrs Antar-Belzberg bid announce May 20 rise 50 cent Monday 8.375 share over-the- counter trading. Antar reclusive founder chain New York City Philadelphia Connecticut area month control 14 percent Crazy Eddie's shares. A Crazy Eddie spokesman company's board take decision Antar-Belzberg offer worth 187 mln dlrs share Entertainment Marketing. He comment offer. Entertainment Marketing sell computer product disk drive discount electronics good retailer primarily southwest directly consumer cable television. In fiscal 1986 end January revenue rise 87.9 mln dlrs 21.3 mln dlrs previous year. Net profit 3.2 mln dlrs 750000 dlrs 1985. Entertainment Marketing whose chief executive officer Elias Zinn ran electronics retailing statement commit 50 mln dlrs purchase Crazy Eddie retain Dean Witter Reynolds Inc assist financing balance. Analyst Telzerow estimate company borrow 100 mln dlrs complete propose buyout Crazy Eddie cash asset worth amount. Shares Entertainment Marketing 12.5 cent Monday 9.50. Reuter 