Cheap oil feedstock weaken U.S. dollar plant utilization rate approach 90 pct propel streamline U.S. petrochemical industry record profit growth expect 1990 major company executive predicted. This bullish outlook chemical manufacturing industrywide move shed unrelated business prompt GAF Corp GAF> privately-held Cain Chemical Inc firm aggressively seek acquisition petrochemical plants. Oil company Ashland Oil Inc ASH> Kentucky-based oil refiner marketer shopping money-making petrochemical business buy. "I poise threshold golden period" Paul Oreffice chairman giant Dow Chemical Co DOW> add "There's major plant capacity add now. The game bring product improve ones." Analysts chemical industry's big customer automobile manufacturer builder lot paint plastic expect buy quantity year. U.S. petrochemical plant currently operating 90 pct capacity reflect tighter supply hike product price 30 40 pct John Dosher manage director Pace Consultants Inc Houston. Demand product styrene push profit margin 300 pct said. Oreffice speak meeting chemical engineer Houston Dow easily top 741 mln dlrs earn predict history. In 1985 oil price above 25 dlrs barrel chemical export adversely affected strong U.S. dollar Dow profit 58 mln dlrs. "I believe entire chemical industry head record close it" Oreffice said. GAF chairman Samuel Heyman estimate U.S. chemical industry report 20 pct gain profit 1987. Last domestic industry earn total 13 billion dlrs 54 pct leap 1985. The turn fortune once-sickly chemical industry brought combination luck planning Pace's John Dosher. Dosher year's fall oil price feedstock dramatically cheaper American dollar weaken foreign currencies. That help boost U.S. chemical exports. Also help bring supply demand balance gradual market absorption extra chemical manufacturing capacity create Middle Eastern oil producer 1980s. Finally virtually major U.S. chemical manufacturer embark extensive corporate restructuring mothball inefficient plant trim payroll eliminate unrelated businesses. The restructuring touch flurry friendly hostile takeover attempts. GAF unsuccessful attempt 1985 acquire Union Carbide Corp UK> recently offer billion dlrs Borg Warner Corp BOR> Chicago manufacturer plastic chemicals. Another industry powerhouse W.R. Grace GRA> divest retailing restaurant fertilizer business raise cash chemical acquisitions. But expert worry chemical industry head trouble company continue turn manufacturing staple petrochemical commodity ethylene favor profitable specialty chemical custom-designed buyers. "Companies DuPont DD> Monsanto Co MTC> spent past try commodity chemical reaction badly market deteriorated" Dosher said. "But I eventually kill margin profitable chemical niche market." Some top chemical executive share concern. "The challenge industry keep get carry repeat past mistakes" GAF's Heyman cautioned. "The shift commodity chemical ill-advised. Specialty business stay special long." Houston-based Cain Chemical create month Sterling investment banking believe generate 700 mln dlrs annual sale buck industry trend. Chairman Gordon Cain previously lead leveraged buyout Dupont's Conoco Inc's chemical spent 1.1 billion dlrs January buy seven petrochemical plant Texas Gulf Coast. The plant produce basic commodity petrochemical building block specialty products. "This commodity chemical glamorous high-margin business" Cain add demand expect grow pct annually. Garo Armen analyst Dean Witter Reynolds chemical maker benefit increase demand plastic price competitive aluminum wood steel products. Armen estimate upturn chemical five provide U.S. economy continue modest rate growth. Reuter 