U.S. lawmaker gear showdown protectionist free trader major trade bill wind committee vote full House Representatives late April. In move toughen U.S. enforcement trade law key House subcommittee week approve tone version legislation require President Reagan retaliate foreign country follow unfair trade practices. This bill cornerstone congressional effort restore competitiveness American industry turn year's record 169 billion dlrs trade deficit. Several lawmaker argue trade bill concession Reagan intend amendment "get tough" country violate trade agreement keep U.S. products. On congressman know allegiance free trade bill tie Reagan's hand trade dispute seek restore negotiate powers. Republican Bill Frenzel Michigan subcommittee's bill "that free trader endorse respects" emphasize consensus trade lawmaker bill Reagan Republicans ultimately endorse. Frenzel goal trade legislation "to trade policy strong violate international trade agreements. You'll lot former enough. You'll poeple haven't avoid violate agreements." In key concession urge powerful chairman House Ways Means Committee trade subcommittee back requirement force Reagan automatically impose quota tariff import country engage unfair trade practices. It agree waive retaliation hurt U.S. economy. Ways Means chairman Dan Rostenkowski Illinois Democrat insist moderate approach necessary House want pas bill Reagan sign law. Reagan block Senate consideration tough House trade bill brand protectionist reluctantly agree support trade bill Democratic leader determine pas bill. As indication success White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporter Friday administration provisions. But add "Generally feel bipartisan consideration trade legislation. I progress well." The battle week full House Ways Means Committee considers amendment Rep. Richard Gephardt Missouri Democrat force country Japan South Korea Taiwan cut trade surplus United States. The subcommittee limited Gephardt plan provide existence trade surplus United States trigger investigation unfair trade practice automatically retaliation. Rep. Phil Crane Illinois Republican staunch free trader try far weaken Gephardt plan. Organized labor press lawmaker relief import job lose foreign competition. AFL-CIO president Lane Kirkland angered administration statement trade bill Reagan sign worth passage Congress. But Rostenkowski tone trade debate statement "I'm try write legislation please Lane Kirkland. I'm try write legislation sign president." In write bill subcommittee reject call trade relief specific industry textiles. Rep. Ed Jenkins Democrat Georgia agree hold fight. He intend push separately bill protect domestic textile shoe industry aide said. Reagan vetoed similar measure year. House Speaker Jim Wright Texas Democrat influential proponent aid specific industry beset low price foreign competition. Wright Thursday renew call import relief domestic oil industry announce support Senate plan trigger temporary oil import tariff import reach half domestic consumption. For trade bill's provision toughen U.S. enforcement trade laws. The bill force administration act rapidly complaint unfair trade practice dump product United States price below cost production. It force administration act rapidly industry complains surge import threatens existence. Congressmen change require U.S. International Trade Commission impose limit car import 1981. Reuter 