A agreement cover repayment South Africa's foreign debt represent compromise country commercial bank creditor follow week intense difficult negotiation senior banking source said. In Pretoria Reserve Bank Governor Gerhard De Kock term agreement "good deal" South Africa banks. But senior banker note "It probably hope for. We (the banks) want money (the South Africans) didn't pay." The agreement extend standstill arrangement August 1985 due expire June 30. Depending maturity various debt bank receive July 15 repayment represent pct arrears overdue debt cover standstill. It require repayment standstill 10 pct overdue debt spread six month invervals depend maturity various debt total slightly 1.4 billion dlrs. Last South Africa repaid 500 mln dlrs 14 billion dlrs cover standstill. At banker argue - unsuccessfully - large repayment country's trade surplus 2.5 billion dlrs. Bankers hop secure large repayment billion dlrs. Although speculation standstill extend believe term pact acceptable U.S. banks. Those bank take hard line negotiation America's strong anti-apartheid policies. The agreement reach differs little reach little ago. However include moderation option contain pact introduces yet "catchphrase" jargon reschedulings. The agreement contains "exit vehicle" bank convert debt 10 loans. Under previous agreement bank option loans. While option unpalatable U.S. bank offer potential repayment slightly half investment seven years. To convert debt bank borrower look loan 10-year maturity negotiate individually rate charged. The loan represent money loan obligation borrower repayment stream bank 52 pct value seven banker said. Bankers suggest depend banks' political economic forecast South Africa decide option difficulty find borrowers. They note South Africa's Public Investment Commission active borrower market. Today's agreement reach South Africa's chief debt negotiator Chris Stals chair Standstill Coordinating Commmittee representative 12 bank commercial bank technical committee. The banker telex sent country's 330 bank creditor documentation cover proposal mail shortly. Because banks' sensitivity South Africa's apartheid regime previous negotiation conduct Fritz Leutwiler former Swiss National Bank act mediator. Leutwiler involve talk involve negotiation banker said. Last bank sent response proposal Leutwiler turn notify South Africans. This procedure structure individual bank wish handle it. Although talk held recent week South Africans bank completion agreement repayment financial community surprise. A review South Africa's economy technical committee's economic sub-committee held February talk reschedule due start month month. However banker publicity surround South African debt negotiation meeting kept secret. Reuter 