China postpone wide-ranging plan reform economy financial difficulty pressure powerful conservative ruling Communist Party western diplomat said. But conservative critical aspect current open-door policy alternative economic program. That meant strategy begin top leader Deng Xiaoping 1978 likely slow pace said. Deng lead China's overhaul Stalinist economy built rule Chairman Mao. Since Mao die 1976 living standard risen sharply China net exporter grain time. A western diplomat China's leader sufficiently encourage success draw plan reform 1987. These include change country's price system. But big reform shelve economic problem appear late 1986 resignation Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang January. The diplomat ambitious reform agenda major party meeting year. The main economic reform proceed 1987 factory sign contract government. They keep profit above contract amount. "This modest reform repeat China 1980s" diplomat said. "It regard reformer drew ambitious plans. But impractical current political economic climate" said. A Chinese source month ago Premier Zhao Ziyang decide medium give coverage drive bourgeois liberalism explain propose reforms. Some reform price increase unpopular. Zhao order medium coverage reform necessary source said. One China's top economist write People's Daily week "Failure answer people's question price cause anxiety." In March China announce budget deficit 1986 1987. It trade deficit capital spending wage rise fast. On political front conservative Party offensive January Hu resigned. He allegedly fail fight growth western democratic idea Party call bourgeois liberalism. A nationwide drive bourgeois liberalism January Party media. The latter wide coverage leadership warn error all-out westernisation. The economist "Although reform country inevitably cause anxiety risky prove reform dare commodity abundant people's living standard higher." "But country rigid market stagnant good short supply ration common" said. The diplomat reformer want complete unfinished overhaul China's pricing system. The diplomat reformer want factory independent government tax credit supply indirect mean regulate instead administrative diktat past. "But enact far-reaching measure stable economy content worker surplus manoeuvre room. These condition exist now" said. Another diplomat conservative leadership critical result reform alternative economic strategy. "The eight opening outside show everyone poor China fall behind countries" diplomat said. "Everyone agree objective China major 21st century" said. "For need strong modernise economy. Where disagreement pace reform detail them." The Chinese source debate pace extent reform on. (See ECRA spotlight index) REUTER 