Fox Broadcasting own Rupert Murdoch's News Corp Ltd launch prime television show Sunday call fourth television network. The company built Murdoch's billion dlr acquisition seven television station mark network startup 1948 ABC own Capital Cities/ABC Inc CCB> hit airwaves. "I goal anything else provide alternative networks" Fox president Jamie Kellner. Fox's debut come earnings network pressure network advertising dollar grow slowly. "The barrier entry exceptionally high" industry analyst Peter Appert C.J. Lawrence said. "Their (Fox) save grace parent deep pockets." The question television industry advertising Wall Street executive ask whether entry lure advertiser three: CBS Inc CBS> ABC NBC unit General Electric Co GE>. Network advertising revenue rise 8.6 billion dlrs 1986 8.3 billion earlier NBC accounting gain. Revenues CBS ABC decline analyst noted. "They (Fox) compete pool fund traditional networks" Jon Mandel associate medium director Grey Advertising Inc. But James Mandelbaum Los Angeles-based entertainment attorney "If money chance make work." Fox president Jamie Kellner company expect lose 30 50 mln dlrs revenue 150 mln dlrs. He five turn profit. To succeed company win viewership target offbeat show debut Sunday weekend. The Fox-produced -- "The Late Show" feature comedienne Joan Rivers -- show fall Fox's seven station close 100 affiliates. Although show drop recently rating captive audience late slot analyst said. Sunday's prime-time show include situation comedy "Married ... Children" Kellner describes alternative suger coat show networks. It air "The Tracy Ullman Show" feature British comedienne singer actress. Fox line 107 independent TV station U.S. run shows. The network 637 affiated stations. To sure viewer chance program company take unprecedented step air time course evening. "I believe show traditional network extremely high-rated" Mandel add firm sign million dlrs advertising shows. But question whether Fox really fourth network. Robert Adler president Cabletelevision Advertising Bureau cable show gear audience Fox attempt win. "There already alternative networks" said. And network yet ready consider Fox competition. An ABC spokesman "the schedule we've together Sunday ... take Fox's program schedule account." But analyst note major network keep eye venture fare rating advertisers. Fox appear willing long-term view. Asked whether company look rating Sunday's debut Kellner "the I worry rating Murdoch told do." Reuter 