A hefty slice U.S. Treasury supply welcome prospect slumber credit market week's offering provide focus economist said. "Banks mutual fund cash auction breathe market" economist Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Inc. The Treasury 25 billion dlr package two-year four-year seven-year note sale block week. The "mini-refunding" raise 9.27 billion dlrs cash comprises 10 billion dlrs two-year note auction Tuesday 7.75 billion dlrs four-year note Wednesday 7.25 billion dlrs seven-year note Thursday. The market face regular weekly three- six-month bill auction amount 12.8 billion dlrs. The mini-refunding particularly auspicious market. Bond price drift sideways narrow range backdrop cloudy U.S. Economic outlook diminish chance change Federal Reserve Board policy stable dollar. Moreover bond market's inertia compare unfavourably rash activity take high-yield market overseas U.K. As U.S. Equities. But accord Merrill Lynch economist sign pall hang U.S. Bond market lift bit. "Customer activity buy-side marked absence selling" weekly report. Philip Braverman Irving Trust Securities Inc believe bank snap two- four-year issue week's sales. "The bank investment provide earnings. Though yield spread cost carry maturity wider positive" weekly market review. But economist agree auction generate impetus major move. This overseas market run. "Based week's event little indicate appetite yield begin wane" economist Salomon Brothers Inc. Indeed talk persist week Japanese investor planning re-weight portfolio favour higher-yielding market start Japan's fiscal April 1. And traditionally Japanese buyer shorter-dated issue offer week's U.S. Auctions report undermine market confidence. Even action British Australian Canadian monetary authority curb rise currency enhance attractiveness respective bond market Salomon Brothers' economist said. Meanwhile ecomomic release unlikely enliven U.S. Market unless deviate widely expectation economist said. This week's economic calendar begin Tuesday February durable good orders. Economists expect rebound January's depressed levels. Peter Greenbaum Smith Barney Harris Upham Co area include transport equipment bounce back. But decline military capital good cap total orders. He forecast rise pct January's 6.7 pct slump. Some economist foresee gain five pct. Friday's consumer price report February expect show increase 0.3 pct 0.7 pct January gain. Economists energy price -- drive force behind January rise -- rise moderately month food price declined. Meanwhile economist warn federal fund rate subject volatility week ahead due approach quarter-end mid-April tax date. Some economist expect Fed execute bill pas week add requirement increase sharply statement period begin Thursday. Fed fund trade 6-1/16 pct late Friday expect near level. REUTER 