A Foreign Ministry official dismiss argument senior U.S. Government official seek block sale U.S. Microchip maker Japanese firm. "They appear link completely unrelated issues" Shuichi Takemoto Foreign Ministry's North American Division told Reuters. U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige White House consider block sale Fairchild Semiconductor Corp> Japan's Fujitsu Ltd ITSU.T> U.S. Officials yesterday. Baldrige express concern sale leave U.S. Military dependent foreign company vital technology equipment. Pentagon official Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger opposes sale. U.S. Officials sale Fujitsu powerful role U.S. Market supercomputer Japan's supercomputer market remains close U.S. Sales. Takemoto security issue plan purchase Fairchild current owner Schlumberger Ltd SLB> include Fairchild's main defence-related division. In addition Takemoto tension supercomputer trade affect sale Fairchild supercomputers. Analysts note Fairchild sophisticated microchip supercomputers. Fujitsu make similar chip supply U.S. Supercomputer maker said. Takemoto dismiss U.S. Fears propose takeover violate U.S. Antitrust law say "the purchase result Fujitsu monopolise U.S. Semiconductor market." Two separate issue appear together boost pressure block purchase industry analyst said. The move attempt force Japan domestic market U.S. Supercomputer sale said. U.S. Officials repeatedly charge Japanese sector close U.S. Supercomputer sale despite U.S. Firms' technological lead field. "The United States believe Japan react bully bullying ploy" Salomon Brothers Asia analyst Carole Ryavec said. However analyst stake supercomputer sale U.S. Fears lose vital semiconductor industry Japanese competitors. "The real issue xenophobia (the U.S.) Silicon Valley" Tom Murtha brokerage James Capel Co. U.S.-Japanese tension semiconductor trade fail subside despite recent effort Japan's Ministry International Trade Industry (MITI) Japanese firm abide bilateral pact aim halt predatory pricing opening Japan's market. A MITI official Japan faithfully abide agreement problem remain halt sale microchip Europe Southeast Asia price below pact. "It matter solve problem" told Reuters. Despite furore Fujitsu proceed talk acquisition line basic agreement reach Schlumberger Fujitsu spokeswoman told Reuters. REUTER 