Healthy growth corporate profit consumer spending pillar Japan rest hope sustain economic growth look rotten core economist poll Reuters said. Profits domestic consumption meant replace export engine growth. But close tie corporate performance wage mean alternative economic model promise little slow growth said. Falling profit lead fall income turn cut sale far reduce profits. The Bank Japan late outlook improve term trade link strong yen domestic demand grow steadily. However happen household spending increase line value real financial asset due stable price and/or corporate investment recover profit domestic sale improve compare exports. "No clear sign development evidenced" central bank said. Poor prospect reason economic growth slow Japan's term trade improve sharply due strong yen. Economist David Pike Phillips Drew estimate 1986 unit cost price fell 30 pct output price fell eight pct give price margin advantage domestic market -- company pas advantage consumer. Last year's gap 10 percentage point fall wholesale price index slight drop consumer price show gain improve term trade kept profit producer distributors. The economist believe layer fat protect company short while. As firm seek profit instead abroad already fierce domestic competition increase fuel lower-priced imports. Retail price fall. Profit margin suffer. A December survey top organisation Keidanren confirms dim view take firm themselves. Of company poll key manufacturing sector 80 pct yen create drop production volume 60 pct predict drop corporate performance Keidanren economist Kazuyuki Kinbara. Main counter-measures cite firm include cut unprofitable operation reduce sub-contractors (which employ significant number workers) hold wage reduce bonuses. The government fear unemployment soon double pct now. Unemployment slow wage growth obviously hurt sales. But reduce bonus worry individual financial security damaging. Twice bonus provide wage earner amount enforce lump sum saving encourage buy consumer product spark sale bonanza. To save fund firm begin form tie bonus force employee spend firm's goods. Economists predict Japanese save average 16 pct salary now. On contrary poor outlook low disposable income strengthen resolve money aside age illness education housing -- main drain work man's salary. The government survey opinion 80 pct citizen continue economise. Japan rapidly age population minimal security worker fear poverty age. Faced vicious circle government's reflationary strategy severely limited. The commitment ruling Liberal Democratic Party Finance Ministry cut debt result supplementary budget attempt provide fiscal incentive reduce revenue. Independent economist excite results. Provision monetary stimulus similarly limited. The 2.5 pct discount rate low politically impossible cut far basic bank saving rate 0.25 pct Bank Tokyo economist Haruo Muto said. Almost 60 pct Japanese hold saving deposit official figure show. Moves directly inject liquidity unproductive firm planning cut capital investment. The central bank aware soar stock land price current result liquidity. Fear inflation limit policy options. Political analyst ascribe Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone's 1986 election victory largely period zero price inflation. And found attempt impose sale tax offset tax cut arouses fierce voter opposition. REUTER 