French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac open talk President Ronald Reagan expect focus superpower arm control move trade issues. French official major aim Chirac's visit France's concern United States ignore European security interest accord Moscow remove medium-range nuclear missile continent. But Reagan expect assure Chirac agree deal Geneva superpower talk Russians superiority shorter-range system diplomat said. France express doubt remove U.S. missile Europe Soviet Union maintains edge weaponry particularly shorter-range rocket conventional force chemical weapons. Speaking Chirac French position saying: "Any agreement intermediate nuclear force mention equality achieve short-range missiles." Reagan Chirac meanwhile sign agreement end dispute lead research institute patent right blood screen test deadly disease AIDS. In joint statement Chirac Reagan Pasteur Institute Paris National Cancer Institute Bethesda Maryland agree royalty test foundation dedicate wordwide fight AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome). "This agreement open era Franco-American cooperation allow France United States join effort control terrible disease hope speed development AIDS vaccine cure" Reagan signing ceremony. He party share patent 80 cent royalty receive foundation. The foundation raise private fund donate 25 cent money combat AIDS developed countries. Both leader stress tie France United States welcome ceremony White House East Room Reagan describe France "America's old ally peace." "I tell remain motivate ideal freedom danger confront -- terrorism hunger poverty disease drugs" Chirac replied. But country likely agree issue trade Chirac worried rise protectionism U.S. Congress. A senior U.S. official yesterday dismiss French idea sell cut-price grain poor country Africa lessen surplus stocks. Chirac expect canvas support idea propose French Agriculture Minister Francois Guillaume two-day visit Washington. The U.S. official described idea "grain producers' OPEC" -- reference Organization Petroleum Exporting Countries -- Reagan administration's desire lessen government intervention trade. Reuter 