Speculation United States offer subsidize wheat Soviet Union appear reach level intensity run-up Secretary State George Shultz' visit month Moscow. Rumors impend deal course wheat market official country held customary semi-annual grain talk February. Moscow's decision reenter U.S. corn market strengthen perception warm farm trade prospects. Shultz arrive Moscow April 13. Shultz' statement week ago stand wheat subsidy offer Export Enhancement Program EEP couple announcement visit Moscow interpret grain trade representative clear signal Reagan administration prepare offer. Administration official -- U.S. Agriculture Department -- extremely tight-lipped prospect subsidy offer. But USDA official abandon contention proposal dormant suggest offer "done deal" live possibility. Prominent U.S. grain trade representative -- whom identify -- continue maintain offer subsidize mln tonne wheat imminent. Others month ago claimed deal say rule out. Rep. Pat Roberts R-Kan. yesterday predict subsidy offer ten day weeks. Aides Roberts spoken Republican leader contact administration officials. Richard Fritz director international marketing U.S. Wheat Associates confident export enhancement offer middle month. Fritz value bonus close offer Washington Peking earlier USDA approve subsidy China 36 dlrs tonne mln tonne wheat. Some grain trade representative four-mln-tonne wheat subsidy offer stimulate Soviet purchase U.S. corn U.S. sale soybeans. As crucial stick point wheat deal appear price. Last summer administration controversial step offering Soviets subsidize wheat -- embarrass Moscow spurn proposal ground 15-dlr-per-tonne subsidy left U.S. wheat price above market prices. The administration's decision subsidy level front instead accept bid exporter appear mean control price attempt dampen criticism grain trade source said. Nonetheless pricing procedure prevent Shultz say Soviets "chortling" Washington offering Soviet housewife cheaper grain available U.S. housewives. The conventional wisdom grain trade representative warm relation country summer combine continued hard time U.S. grain belt favor subsidy offer. In addition USSR clear consider buying U.S. wheat price competitively. However observer forgotten circumstance surround administration's announcement wheat subsidy offer summer. Up announcment congressional industry leader lead believe White House decide expand Export Enhancement Program include Soviets broader list countries. Instead administration scale offer include Soviets. That last-minute change heart add measure uncertainty prediction convince administration pas opportunity sell mln tonne wheat Soviet Union. Reuter 