South Africa expect unveil tomorrow expansionary budget consecutive bid boost nation's flag economic growth rate economic analyst said. Faced compete demand increase military police spending press fund black housing education Finance Minister Barend Du Plessis expect raise significantly government's overall expenditure target present budget parliament analyst said. Analysts expect Du Plessis provide rise spending equal 16 pct inflation rate financial start April 1 ignore plea private sector stimulate growth cut taxes. "Fiscal policy gradually expansionary simply raise government spending increase budget deficit inflationary form stimulation" Rob Lee chief economist South African Mutual Life Assurance Co. South Africa target inflation-adjusted growth GDP pct increase pct. Growth GDP past decade average 1.5 pct unemployment rate black spiral 30 pct. Economists estimate government's spending target rise 47 billion rand revenue budget 40 billion rand. This leave budget deficit borrowing seven billion rand pct GDP. The government have consistently overshot spending target decade face credibility crisis expenditure figure outline budget analyst said. "The budget invariably optimistic expenditure" Standard Bank Ltd budget preview. Many analyst private sector pay attention figure present budget use estimate expenditure draw conclusion money capital markets. South African Mutual's Lee believe government spending exceed budget target increase 49 billion rand leave deficit 5 5.5 pct GDP compare pct limit suggest IMF. "The IMF limit obviously abandoned" predict analyst note South Africa move steadily austerity measure recommend IMF past years. The policy shift follow dramatic deterioration political situation onset economic crisis trigger refusal major foreign bank roll loan country September 1985. Against background Western economic sanction fall caput income rise joblessness inflation government official economic growth prime objective. But private-sector economist caution government's ability promote growth boost spending constrain maintain surplus current account country's balance payments. Most surplus estimate 2.5 billion dlrs swallow repayment nation's estimate 23 billion dlr foreign debt term arrangement reach earlier major international creditor banks. Within constraint economist believe Du Plessis little manoeuvre. Analysts argue recent rise civil service salary budget spending increase state-owned Post Office South African Transport Services suggest major tax concession individual corporation unlikely. Du Plessis earlier announce concession taxpayer mini-budget May 6 whites-only election. The poll delayed presentation budget. "This excite budget" comment Harry Schwarz spokesman finance liberal Progressive Federal Party. "I expect major tax cut sweet election." REUTER 