Some OPEC unhappy price assign crude oil pose problem review six-month-old price output pact Vienna week oil analyst say. They Nigeria hold OPEC conference presidency Qatar probably big grievance price differential make crude uncompetitive. There speculation Japanese trader OPEC mark price high-sulphur heavy crude correspond great demand high fuel oil prices. But expert agree major overhaul price differential unlikely avoid give market signal dent OPEC's unity. "All OPEC change differentials" analyst major oil company. "But attitude "leave alone' little likely altered." Iran Libya Saudi Arabia sale problem earlier trader say. But diminish customer resistance fix price case marketing incentive help sales. Some producer sell uncompetitively price crude mean discount processing deal sell alongside price grade "package." Many OPEC crude see reasonably price year. But expert OPEC change price quarterly monthly match seasonal demand fuel oil-rich heavy crude gasoline-rich lighter grades. At meeting December OPEC agree reintroduce fix price February 1 18 dlr barrel reference point. Official price effectively drop 1985 offer discount attract customers. OPEC decide limit first-half 1987 output 15.8 mln bpd propose ceiling 16.6 mln third quarter 18.3 mln fourth. Analysts expect extend raise slightly current ceiling come months. Spot market netback value crude mirror official price OPEC probably keep 18 dlr target minimal change differential analyst say. The 18 dlr figure base basket six OPEC non-OPEC crudes. OPEC assign price key export crude 2.65 dlr gap heaviest lightest. Extra heavy crude left out. Industry estimate vary proportion OPEC oil export actually sell official prices. Several expert one-quarter one-third total sell official price rest include processing barter deal sell form refine products. Problems structure appear earlier producers' output fell due customer reluctance pay prices. Nigeria especially found gasoline-rich Bonny Light crude -- OPEC's high price grade 18.92 dlrs barrel -- uncompetitive spot market Britain's Brent. In February March Nigeria's production shrank below 1.238 mln bpd OPEC quota. Spot price revive due partly seasonal demand gasoline output risen. Some expert feel Bonny Light overvalue price cut 50 ct dlr barrel. But Mehdi Varzi chief oil analyst London's Kleinwort Grieveson Securities doubt Nigeria actively push differential question Vienna. "It look OPEC unity Nigeria hold presidency raise issue" said. REUTER 