A lead U.S. farm-state Congressman Jerry Huckaby D-La. warn press legislation control domestic production sweetener include corn sweetener industry fails voluntarily halt output increase year. "We're move direction self-destruct (the U.S. sugar program)" Rep. Huckaby chairman House agriculture subcommittee deal sugar issue told Reuters interview. Huckaby told U.S. sugarbeet grower earlier halt production increase deliver message Louisiana sugarcane grower Friday. He soon talk corn refiner subject. Huckaby campaign urge halt domestic sweetener output increase effort forestall far cut sugar import quota mln short tons. "I we're talk drop (the quota) half mln ton let you're get work" said. "Ideally I'd freeze are" Huckaby lead advocate sugar grower Congress. A freeze mean domestic sugar production current level 6.5 mln ton corn sweetener share U.S. market stay 50 pct U.S sugar import hold 1.2 mln ton Huckaby said. A decision whether seek legislation 1987 output number know late said. "I feel didn't expand production probably hold indefinitely 1985 farm bill change (in sugar program)" Huckaby said. However depends whether high-fructose corn syrup producer continue expand share U.S. sweetener market 50 pct Huckaby said. He note estimate corn sweetener capture 10 pct sweetener market U.S. But economic breakthrough production crystalline corn sweetener far expand corn sweetener share U.S. sugar import eliminate U.S. sugar output severely reduced. Huckaby deliver message corn refiner company A.E. Staley Archer Daniels Midland soon. "This advantageous corn users. They natural legitimate self-interest see preserved" Huckaby said. Huckaby sugar industry representative domestic output control either production allocation acreage marketing controls. Huckaby seek guidance Justice Department determine legal ask corn refiner limit production. "I don't route there's question time; legally?" said. Asked proceed production control support corn refiner Huckaby "You build fragile way." Huckaby understands U.S. cane beet farmer expand production sugar price support mean return sugar high compete crop soybean grain. But sugar grower expansion policy. Huckaby try stress speech sugar industry group grower continue expand penalize retroactively production control legislation pass year. Huckaby Congress unlikely approve change sugar despite Reagan administration proposal drastically slash program. "The administration proposal drastic I don't steam" Huckaby said. He moderate proposal reduce sugar price support unlikely approved. Instead seek slash domestic sugar Huckaby Reagan administration file complaint General Agreement Tariffs Trade European Community's sugar policy. He EC policy major cause depressed sugar market. Reuter 