A bid San Miguel Corp (SMC) SANM.MN> buy 38.1 mln sequester share United Coconut Planters Bank (UCPB) hit lawsuit source Philippine food brewery company said. A Manila court yesterday issue injunction bar UCPB sell share represent 31 pct SMC's outstanding capital stock 121 mln share hearing April 21 petition file Eduardo Cojuangco former chairman SMC UCPB. Cojuangco Coconut Industry Investment Fund (CIIF) 1.4 mln farmer rightful owner shares. Cojuangco share held trust UCPB represent blue chip investment. His petition UCPB's plan sell share SMC "a serious breach fiduciary duties." The SMC source propose share sale held derivative suit file Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) Eduardo de los Angeles government nominee company's board. De los Angeles represent SMC's minority stockholder SEC block transaction approve week company's board. On April 2 board sanction repurchase sequester share 4.79 billion peso 126 peso share. De los Angeles told SEC company's retain earnings 1.33 billion peso wipe purchase share prevent declaration dividends. De los Angeles share purchase violate SMC agreement creditor maintain 2.2-to-1 debt equity ratio. He quote SMC's chief financial director Ramon del Rosario tell board transaction boost ratio 2.5-to-1. In petition SEC de los Angeles amend earlier suit week ago charge SMC Chairman Andres Soriano III nine director violate duties. De los Angeles' earlier complaint related SMC assume December 26.5 mln dlr loan contract SMC's Hong Kong subsidiary Neptunia Corp> payment shares. The loan assumption ratify week's board meeting. An arbitration panel President Corazon Aquino resolve ownership issue expect submit report April 15. "The amend suit file Eduardo de los Angeles continue attempt element complete disregard fact questionable motif delay disposition sequester shares" San Miguel Corp statement. "Coming San Miguel Corp UCPB reach agreement price share method payment suit direct contravention government's express desire reach amicable settlement controversy April 15" statement added. A San Miguel spokesman comment Cojuangco's court petition adding: "Any statement come interpret adversarial." Meanwhile Ramon Diaz government panel sequester share Soriano eligible buy major portion share United States citizen. The sequester share split 24 mln "A" share own Filipinos 14 mln "B" share available foreign buyers. SMC source Soriano personally prospective buyers. They share purchase A.Soriano> company SMC Neptunia unnamed institutional investors. Soriano name buyer bid March 1986 33 mln share control UCPB. The sale aborted Diaz's Presidential Commission Good Government sequester share suspicion own Cojuangco close associate former President Ferdinand Marcos. Cojuangco life self-imposed exile U.S.. The share grow 38.1 mln 15 pct stock dividend announce June. "We objection Soriano buying "B" shares" Diaz told Reuters. "But everything hold now." The SMC spokesman controversy resolve company's annual stockholders' meeting schedule May 14. San Miguel Corp report sale revenue 12.2 billion peso 1986 11 pct above 10.9 billion peso sale 1985. It unaudited net profit neighbourhood 700 mln peso increase 50 pct 1985. REUTER 