U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker make progress negotiate reform Inter-American Development Bank member nations. In speech prepared delivery annual meeting IADB Baker "We make progress negotiate reforms." And add succesful Washington ready additional nine billion dlrs seventh IADB four-year capital replenishment increase 75 pct. It immediately clear overall size capital replenishment U.S. ahead capital increase. But Baker's statement progress negotiate reform weekend meeting bank's policy make board governor reform issue June deep difference Washington Latin borrowing countries. Baker U.S. increase account 70 pct bank's useable financial resources. Currently Washington allow vote 34.5 pct IADB board meeting consider loan Latin American countries. But Latin borrowing nation control 54 pct vote frequently approve loan economic reform condition tied. Baker point Western nation provide 95 pct bank's financial resource represent 46 pct vote. Baker U.S seek great bank decision creditor countries. "In view imbalance don't believe unreasonable ask change" Baker said. He change sought U.S. require loan approval great majority share simple majority. But stop short reaffirm original U.S. position veto exist 35 pct vote. Enlarging reform Washington Baker want IADB play great role U.S. debt strategy promote inflation free economic growth market reduce government role economy debtor nations. Under reform U.S. want IADB adopt major lending specific economic sector debtor country condition country carry policy reform area economies. Such reform include concern natural resource management. Baker lending debtor transition economy freer markets. He bank double current lending volume capital triple concessional loan poorest nations. The Treasury Secretary call IADB improve analysis policy debtor country strengthen process assess specific need debtor nations. He urge wholesale reorganization bank personnel. Baker "We simply believe discretion policy influence lie party contribute lion's share resources." He point despite tight budget problem Reagan administration Congress finance IADB multilateral development banks. Pointing funding difficult circumstance impossible Congress confidence bank lending policies. Reuter 