Sumitomo Bank Ltd SUMI.T> lose status Japan's profitable bank result merger Heiwa Sogo Bank financial analyst said. Osaka-based Sumitomo desposits 23.9 trillion yen merge Heiwa Sogo struggle bank estimate 1.29 billion dlrs unrecoverable loan October. But despite link-up Sumitomo President Koh Komatsu told Reuters confident bank quickly regain position. "We'll position years" Komatsu interview. He merger initially reduce Sumitomo's profitability efficiency vastly expand Sumitomo's branch network Tokyo metropolitan relatively weak. But financial analyst divide whether quickly gamble pay off. Some Sumitomo paid Heiwa Sogo view small bank's debts. Others argue merger cost effective create comparable branch network scratch. The analyst agree bank aggressive. It expand overseas enter lucrative security gear domestic competition question wisdom moves. "They've bold move everything place. Now it's largely hands" Kleinwort Benson Ltd financial analyst Simon Smithson. Among Sumitomo's problem limit place move enter U.S. Securities take share American investment bank Goldman Sachs Co. Sumitomo August agree pay 500 mln dlrs 12.5 pct limited partnership bank Federal Reserve Board forbidden exchange personnel increase other. "The tie-up widely look lame duck Fed stricter Sumitomo expected" analyst. But Komatsu move pay time. "U.S. Regulations change near future various things. We wait 21st century" Komatsu said. Komatsu willing patient route security home. Article 65 Securities Exchange Act Japan's version U.S. Glass-Steagall Act separate commercial investment banking. But wall crumble Komatsu hope far deregulation create opportunities. "We chances" Komatsu said. "In case security related case trust bank related. That's deregulation want." Until change occur Sumitomo focus domestic security profitable government bond deal strengthen relation Meiko Securities Co Ltd hold five pct share Komatsu said. He Sumitomo cautiously optimistic enter security Swiss universal bank subsidiary Banca del Gottardo. The Finance Ministry expect grant licence security subsidiary U.S. Commercial bank soon follow similar decision subsidiary European universal bank parent hold 50 pct. But Komatsu reluctant push hard similar decision Gottardo subsidiary. "We don't waves. We expect allow years" said. Like city bank Sumitomo push expand lending individual medium business replace disappear demand added. The analyst Sumitomo devote lot digest recent initiative include merger ail Heiwa Sogo. "It's (Sumitomo) bold strategies" Kleinwort's Smithson. "After it's question absorb juggling around. It decade strategy wrong." REUTER 