Dome Petroleum Ltd majority 56 major creditor support company's revise proposal restructure debt 6.1 billion Canadian dlrs. Outlining term plan circulate lender earlier week company seek approval principle proposal "within weeks" implement debt reschedule June 30 1987. "Although today's price level allows company struggle benefit appear oil price rise" Dome chairman J. Howard Macdonald statement. "We believe plan rational valid range circumstances" chairman Macdonald said. The lender previously agree interim debt reschedule June 30 allow Dome negotiate long-term recapitalization. The debt proposal design ensure continued existence company lender maximum recovery loan Dome said. The plan maintain debt level Dome's ability pay subject minimum debt service level lender. Dome debt proposal offer measure equity conversion option reclassification low bearing category debt accomplish objectives. Under circumstance lender option convert debt common share pre-determined conversion rate plan implementation. The various conversion rate remain negotiation company impossible predict extent conversion option exercise amount dilution result. Converting debt common share plan implement high conversion price Dome said. Common shareholder approve plan place. Debt remains share conversion either receive schedule payment base contract rate 15 20 pay-out rate indexed oil prices. The company annual security-to-debt ratio test monthly cash flow test classify payment paid portion debt. To achieve stable operating base company plan provide deduct operating cost capital expenditure administrative expense remain available cash flow distribute lender Dome said. The proposal assumes effort continue operate efficiently said. As company previously debt payment cash flow divide broad category secure unsecured creditors. Terms debt plan include pay institutional unsecured creditor comprise mostly bank hold private debt cash flow generate unpledged assets. This portion fix low rate 15-year repayment schedule. Remaining institutional unsecured debt paid convertible oil indexed unsecured debt matures 20 available excess cash flow conversion equity. Any institutional lender option take debt common shares. To offer unsecured debtholders liquidity Dome convert debt common share plan implemented. Any debt leftover exchange convertible debenture rate link oil prices. Secured creditor paid cashflow generate asset pledge debt complex formula company said. Any shortfall formula convert oil-linked debentures. Reuter 