Surprisingly strong U.S. housing statistic February cannot take indication economy generate momentum sufficient cause start lift forecast quarter growth economist said. Building boost factor month unusually mild weather low mortgage rates. But economist seasonal factor hard ass spur economy housing come months. And steady retreat mortgage rate seem near bottom. U.S. housing start rise 2.6 pct February seasonally adjust annual rate 1.851 mln unit 1.804 mln January. It high pace start April 1986. The rate permit issue future building climbed 4.4 pct seasonally adjust annual rate 1.764 mln unit drop 11.52 pct 1.690 mln January. "February's weather usually adverse building. Because seasonal factor it's difficult determine mean economy road" Allan Leslie Discount Corp. The housing report seasonally-weighted compensate weather-related setbacks. As result milder temperature inflate statistics. Economists low mortgage rate spur building month. But believe rate consolidate edge late spring/early summer. "Builders look current mortgage rate say 'Let's now'" Mark Obrinsky U.S. League Savings Institutions Washington whose supply financing building. But Obrinsky doubt downward potential rate foresees high inflation overall improvement U.S. economy. He expect rate gain 50 100 basis point summer 9.50 pct fix rate effective February. Last November fix rate mortgage 10.30 pct. As expect strength housing concentrate single-family sector. The multi-family -- typically represent rental unit -- remain weak due vacancy rate increase capital cost unit follow tax law change effective January 1. Single-family start rise 5.6 pct annual pace 1.317 mln units. Multi-family fell 4.1 pct 534000 rate. "Strength single-family sector indicates low mortgage rate do job. But we're probably look deal growth potential" Ward McCarthy Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. McCarthy note housing report together large expect gain U.S. employment industrial output retail sale February cause observer start wave "four pct GNP banners" quarter. Gross product grow 1.3 pct fourth quarter. But McCarthy expect quarter real GNP annual rate 2.5 pct slightly above convince growth pick future. "The story inventory re-building that's intentional" said. For example U.S. automaker already saddle stock produce annual rate 8.3 mln unit February compare domestic car sale 7.3 mln. Thus inventory contribute GNP quarter result scaled-back production weaker growth said. "If quarter growth inventory building cannot identify improvement export demand potential softness quarter" agree Allan Leslie Discount Corp. He evaluate quarter GNP prospects. Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker week current data show worsen trade reversed. "At pump inventory quarter foresee production slow second" caution Joe Plocek McCarthy Crisanti Maffei Inc expect quarter growth pct. Reuter 