The Securities Exchange Commission's entry battle Texaco Inc Pennzoil Co PZL> affect outcome 10.3 billion dlr legal saga analyst said. Texaco SEC file "friend court" brief tender offer rule pertains case. Some analyst construe positive Texaco allege Texaco Pennzoil violate rule issue thoroughly address low Texas courts. Texaco's stock rise 1-1/2 39-3/8 Pennzoil fell 78-7/8. A Pennzoil attorney comment. He SEC rule 10b-13 Texaco's argument request Texas Supreme Court matter previously address court. Pennzoil SEC brief whether brief support view litigant inquiry request clarification reason low court decisions. Texaco SEC urge Texas Supreme Court accept review respect issue. Texaco allege Pennzoil violate rule tender offer Getty Oil Co outstanding allege agreement January 3 1984 buy Getty shares. Analysts SEC tender offer rule prevents make offer enter contract target company's stock. Frederick Leuffer C.J. Lawrence believe SEC intervention meaningful acknowledge affect. "If friend court brief potent clearly pro-Texaco take account Texas Supreme Court chance entire judgment reverse Pennzoil get nothing" Leuffer said. Texaco Pennzoil lock bitter legal battle Texaco's acquisition Getty Oil. A Texas court award Pennzoil record 10.53 billion dlrs damage reduce billion dlrs. With award total 10.3 billion dlrs. Texaco file protection chapter 11 federal bankruptcy law earlier year. Its action design avoid have Texas appeal court post security bond entire amount Pennzoil judgement. Texaco earlier SEC file brief week July 20. In comment Leuffer reflect view analyst believe convince SEC play significant role. "The argument court ignore (the SEC brief) friend court briefs" said. Kidder Peabody Co analyst Marc Cohen expect SEC's brief change direction case. "Everyday you're this" Cohen said. Texaco lawyer Jim Sales logical believe SEC sought intervene believe 10b-13 rule involved. "I market sense reminder Pennzoil reach star fall face" Sales said. "They (Pennzoil) won Texas" Joel Fischer Drexel Burnham Lambert. But Fischer analyst SEC involvement raise question federal law Texaco U.S. Supreme Court Texas court reverse low opinion refuse hear case. Analysts low court weight 10b-13 issue. Sales argue court "acknowledged really ignore legal affect regulation require hope correct misimpression". Wall Street analyst arbitrager speculate outcomes. One arbitrager concern Texaco Pennzoil settle low sum demand Pennzoil. "The SEC step issue amicus curia (friend court) lot arbitrager little bit disturbed" Cohen. "What you're see continual chess game. Every slight move road multiply effect" said. Reuter 