A market emerge warrant buy gold vehicle banker brings play commodity option field securities. Over past week Swiss office American bank launch total issue warrant vary condition draw renew inflationary worry recovery gold price year. And Credit Suisse Credit Suisse-First Boston issue Swiss franc bond warrant gold similar character aim professional market. The market small. Taken together American-led warrant issue raise 50 mln Swiss francs. But bank believe vehicle meet investor predict lively future. Andrew Barrett Citicorp Investment Bank (Switzerland) AG said: "The warrant small investor chance long-term investment gold limited risk." Citicorp Zurich launch warrant February 27 follow issue week later. The issuer case Citibank NA. The idea found quick copies. Goldman Sachs Zurich organize co-led issue Swiss branch Banque Indosuez March 9 Morgan Guaranty (Switzerland) AG Morgan Guaranty Trust Co New York. The issue offer investor strike price gold range Indosuez issue 410 dlrs ounce price underlie commodity 430 dlr level Citibank. The premium range 22 pct 36 pct maturity 18 month month case longer gold future option U.S. Markets. The banker trace inspiration market February report U.S. Consumer price January jump 0.7 pct raise threat inflation. "Many worried inflation again" Mats Joensson Goldman Sachs. "Money supply Germany United States grown strongly ride gold." The gold market have see strong gain 1986 languish above 400 dlrs ounce past weeks. But bank warrant vehicle highly leveraged play downside risk limited. Barrett natural market developed Switzerland. "People understand gold understand warrants" said. Citicorp (Switzerland) pioneer warrant series equity-linked cover issue base Japanese company share past autumn Swiss bank launch cover warrant Swiss register share bid foreign investor chance play market otherwise close Swiss citizen play high leverage. But quick flurry issue market dry Swiss share price fell January peaks. The issue market basis simple premium implicit volatility model devise provide scientific comparison title option market. Martin Bachem Morgan Guaranty bank's issue competitive despite relatively premium. The issue five ounce 425 dlrs price 955 Swiss franc make premium spot gold price nearly 36 pct. Using Black Sholes option model issue's 4.3-year maturity meant warrant need implicit volatility gold 24.5 pct option pay claimed low issues. But Barrett Black Sholes variant Citicorp point high volatily Morgan issue emphasize model inexact science. And bank use model implicit volatility need issue close 25 pct. Whatever calculation issue receive warm welcome investors. Joensson Goldman Sachs lot demand investor buying 15 20 warrant apiece. "The sophisticated one wouldn't buy premium high" said. REUTER 