U.S. move increase warship Mideast Gulf trigger attack unprotected merchant ship run little risk spark direct military clash Iran diplomat said. They American decision inevitably carry risk arm confrontation Iran -- despite blunt rhetoric -- avoid Washington. "As Iran know America bring Gulf serious damage" western diplomat. Diplomats great potential danger attack "soft targets" merchant shipping protect American western navy vessel patrol Gulf. The risk Iranian attack U.S. Warships Kuwaiti oil tanker carry U.S. Flag naval escort rat diplomat low. However "There threat Iranians see heavily protect U.S.-flag tanker softer targets" diplomat said. Tehran Radio quote Iran's top defence spokesman Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say yesterday Washington "moving brink arm encounter us." The U.S. increase Gulf fleet seven 10 warship send refurbish battleship Missouri patrol outside Strait Hormuz. The build-up tie U.S. plan start escort Kuwaiti oil tanker month re-registered fly American flag naval protection. Shipping serve Kuwait repeat attack Iran angered emirate's backing Iraq. Concern region mount threat pose Chinese-made Silkworm missile U.S. say Iran prepare deploy near Strait Hormuz. The Missouri four-escort flotilla likely Iran twice use missile diplomat said. A military source Gulf Iran launch site Silkworms capture Iraqi soil Faw peninsula range Kuwait. "But anything direct attack Kuwaiti territory serious escalation" likely move opinion Iran remark one. Some diplomat believe Iran consider carry reprisal United States outside Gulf. Rafsanjani parliamentary leader predict Friday "a river blood" throughout event U.S. strike Iran. Western diplomat Iran Washington accuse behind state-sponsored terrorism demonstrable capacity carry attack U.S. itself. Diplomats potential target Lebanon Americans left wake kidnapping link pro-Iranian groups. But Europe Asia potential trouble-spots Kuwait obvious targets. Any backlash likely form sabotage action difficult blame Iran added. Reuter 