Two World Bank review team Philippines ass government request funding expand housing plan accelerate land reform bank official said. They told Reuters housing loan request 100 mln 150 mln dlrs. The government ask 500 mln dlr long-term loan World Bank-led consultative multilateral bilateral aid donor partially fund land reform program. The official negotiation start month 150 mln dlr loan sought Manila carry reform 14 major state-owned corporations. On Tuesday bank approve loan total 310 mln dlrs country's economic recovery program. The bank study Philippine proposal loan finance geothermal education project source said. World Bank source bank's lending Philippines 1957 include late loan total 4.3 billion dlrs. The money spread 100 loan 1.2 billion dlrs remains undisbursed. The World Bank source bank cancel 450 mln dlrs loan commitment Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos's rule. Marcos topple military-civilian revolt February 1986. "The loan cancel project slat aid implement properly" said. The source bulk week's loan rehabilitate state-owned Development Bank Philippines (DBP) Philippine National Bank (PNB) saddle seven billion dlrs non-performing assets. "At 300 mln dlrs previously cancel loan suppose DBP" World Bank source said. "Over past bank's disbursement pipeline Philippines completely dry up." In 1986 alone bank paid 16 billion peso loan repayment 59 pct government's budget deficit 27 billion peso said. Agreement late loan reach principle September President Corazon Aquino visit U.S. The source loan held delay government submit essential documents. The World Bank source request land reform funding discuss meeting World Bank-led consultative held alongside April 27-29 annual meeting Asian Development Bank (ADB) Osaka. The government land reform plan aim distribute 9.7 mln hectare land impoverish peasants. The source Philippine government estimate entire cost 60 billion pesos. "About 27 billion long-term cover land transfer cost borne mainly landowners" said. "The landowner paid 10-year bond redeemable ten instalments." The source bulk financing cover development cost land bridge gap 10-year spread payment landowner propose 30-year loan repayment period land buyers. "If include total amount external assistance need annually exceed 200 mln dlrs" source said. "That volume aid appear difficult." They Japan World Bank ADB expect provide financing Philippines' 12 bilateral aid donor contribute rest. The World Bank source lending Philippines design support balance payment position government aim target six seven pct annual gross product growth. "Brazil homework" said. "They push ahead recovery ensure backing balance payment position. Manila cautious aim soft borrowing hop outstrip annual growth rate eventually result country emerge debt five six years." Philippine foreign debt currently 27.8 billion dlrs. REUTER 