Today's panic float rate note market simmer month way market makers' do trader bank official said. "For six month series crisis FRN market. Each cut deeper deeper fibre market" senior official U.S. Bank. As price fall explain underwriter originally brought issue retreated. They divest themselves paper quickly unwilling bear loss magnitude see recent panic trading. In virtual effective closure market perpetual floater month banker witness consequence contraction liquidity investor confidence. Fears engender possibility crisis infect market conventional date FRN issue 10 time perpetuals estimate 130 billion dlrs debt outstanding. "The professional nervous hold inventory sell price" official lead U.S. Bank explain panic sell push price sharply days. Bankers FRN trader emphasise today's trading unique driven exclusively professional fundamentally wrong security sold. In highlight dealer note benchmark issue FRN market -- FRN's U.K. Launched 1985 1986 -- fell unprecedented 50 40 basis point respectively opening morning. Certainly dealer Britain credit-worthy yesterday country's economic health currently appear time. Pointing sovereign supra-national debt sag fundamental weakness senior FRN source said: "The idiocy situation aptly show borrower tap syndicate loan market rate low floater currently pay." Dealers agree banking sector paper constitutes significant market currently pressure. Floating rate debt major U.S. And Canadian bank ease markedly nervous trading month renew investor fear banks' exposure Latin American debt. The U.S. And Canadian money centre bank FRNs Republic Ireland paper hard hit week dealer cite heavily-traded Citicorp note fall level low effectively yield 55 basis point Libor (the London Interbank Offered Rate). By comparison 500 mln dlr note matures 1998 yield fine 20 basis Libid (the London Interbank Bid Rate) issue January year. Price decline size really explain understand operating practice lead player market dealer banking analyst said. "This understood matter bank brief buy low sell high" U.S. Bank source noted. Another senior source U.K. Bank drew attention enormous overhead cost salary generate FRN market justified. But beyond cost run FRN trading desk dealer security bought sold. Although sophisticated on-screen deal exists market euro-markets trading conduct telephone. "If somebody call asks price issue "Right. You five mln'" trader explain market practice. The unfortunate buyer force unload security minute yet firm low price trader explained. It precisely phenomenon force rapid downward price spiral earlier trader add likely continue market either regain confidence market practice change. One solution dealer initiate trading exclusively brokers' screen want buy bond "lift bid" buy price. Meanwhile bank regulator apparently concerned implication collapse FRN prices. Traders London Bank England call market maker ask whether intend continue trading calculate loss be. The Bank make periodic check market dealer late enquiry specific. A spokesman Bank England able comment immediately Bank's action. One trader major U.S. Bank addition Federal Reserve Bank New York's international capital market unit phone bank London seek information trading FRN's. He unusual procedure. Reuter 