The Securities Exchange Commission approve request firm control inside trader Ivan Boesky allows step protect hundred million dollar potential claimants. The SEC grant request Seemala Partners L.P. IFB Managing Partnership L.P. withdraw register broker effective March 12. With action partnership longer subject SEC's net capital rule require remain solvent brokerage firms. Seemala argue move necessary noteholders Ivan Boesky Co L.P. repaid. In ask SEC speed withdrawal register broker Seemala wold repay Boesky Co control former Wall Street arbitrageur 660 mln dlrs subordinate debt plus accrue interest. IFB Managing Partners approval withdraw broker significant asset SEC said. Once repaid Boesky Co pay 200 mln dlrs senior participate note 440 mln dlrs subordinate participate note Hudson Funding Corp noteholders Seemala told SEC. Under plan repayment scheme Seemala told SEC noteholders forgo claim prepayment penalty additional amount 100 mln dlrs. The plan Seemala argue noteholders saving loan institution insurance company receive repayment principal notes. Seemala argue plan limited partner Boesky Co charge Boesky insider trading scandal protect remain equity noteholders' claims. Unless Boesky firm allow complete repayment plan Seemala Boesky Co noteholders seek total claim 116.8 mln dlrs plus 9.2 mln dlrs 10.6 mln dlrs month addition addition claims. Such claim wipe Boesky Co's asset creditor establish claim Seemala said. The opposition Seemala's Feb 12 request withdraw broker Berger Montague P.C. counsel plaintiff class action suit Seemala defendants. The suit involves charge stem Boesky's insider trading stock major companies. Berger Montague told SEC opposes Seemala proposal allow Boesky Co noteholders settle claim ahead plaintiff class action Seemala disclose total amount claim percentage defraud investor get. Seemala repayment scheme leave pool 278 mln dlrs free claim Boesky Co noteholders satisfy claimants. The pool addition fund place escrow insider trading settlement agreement include 11.4 mln dlrs Dennis Levine 50 mln dlrs Boesky. In approve request SEC bar Seemala Boesky Co make distribution limited partner require limited partner receive distribution agree themselves liabile file partnerships. The SEC require Seemala Boesky Co confirmation asset nationally recognize accounting firm. The agency Boesky Co exist potential claimant similar interest eliminate major creditor preserve asset future claims. Reuter 