CitiCorp CCI> appear dig heel tough negotiation billion dollar loan Brazil owes money center bank Wall Street analyst said. "I view pre-negotiation posturing" analyst Carole Berger Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc refer Brazil Citicorp. Brazil recently stop pay commercial bank debt. Today CitiCorp quarter income reduce 50 mln dlrs tax list loan non-performing status. Citicorp file 8-K form Securities Exchange Commission indicate material change financial situation. "Citicorp say can't scare threat we'll loan non-performing now" Berger said. The loan treat non-performing 90 day payment. CitiCorp situation review current quarter. Berger assert Brazil do politick talk U.S. regulator try drive wedge U.S. European banks. Analyst Lawrence Cohn Merrill Lynch Co unlikely situation resolve half year. "Ultimately Brazilians pay owe" Cohn said. "The real issue reschedule debt terms. Another question whether International Monetary Fund Brazil austerity program. Stocks money center bank mostly fraction late dealings. One trader stock bounce low midday investor news stride. Cohn bank stock risky number non-performing loan report bank. But investor look ahead six 12 month buy level "tremendous fundamental values" group. Analyst Robert Gordon Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc Manufacturers Hanover Corp MHC) great exposure Brazilian loan New York bank term percentage earnings. He recommendation currently New York bank J.P. Morgan Co JPM> Bankers Trust Co BT> happen exposure. Gordon positive opinion J.P. Morgan Bankers Trust merely response low exposure Brazilian loan banks. In there's chance bank involve future. He note Morgan already brokerage subsidiary deal loan developed countries. "I don't reason change full earnings estimate Frederick Meinke analyst E.F. Hutton Co. He think confrontation Brazil replay situation occur Argentina 1984 1985. Meinke note Argentina loan become non-accruing couple quarter bank agreement Argentina paid. "What distort quarterly earnings pattern" said. He Brazil write-off loan worst-case outcome highly unlikely. He note Brazil country diversified economy economic upheaval transition military civilian government. "The country Latin America debt relative ability service it" John Mason Interstate Securities. "We've fiddle problem five hour grow late." He bank reduce spread cut rate internally extend maturity none measure enough. He expect re-classification third loan non-accruing see partial write down loans. Nevertheless Mason think money center bank stock poise short term rally. A spokesman First Chicago Corp FNB> premature Brazil's loan cash basis. "It expectation economic development allow Brazil meet debt" spokesman said. Bankers Trust New York premature decision. Several bank query Reuters thing. A spokesman Manufacturers Hanover note 2.3 billion dlrs loan exposure Brazil 1.3 billion subject Brazil's unilateral moratorium repayment interest. Reuter 