Dart Group Corp> told Supermarkets General Corp SGL> flexible price pay acquire company. Dart offer 41.75 dlrs cash SGL share SGL board recommend offer shareholders. SGL term 1.62 billion dlr offer unsolicited. In letter SGL date March 20 Dart deny confidential information SGL potential bidders. SGL official reach comment. Dart advise sell brochure sale SGL distribute 20 potential buyer itself. These purchaser access SGL's book record opportunity talk key employees. "We suspect 20 leveraged buyout firms" source close Dart. Analysts SGL management consider leveraged buyout. Dart remains interested acquire SGL friendly basis reiterate willingness negotiate term offer. Dart SGL representative company receive offer. It request confidential information understand SGL deny refuse sign agreement prohibit make bid SGL SGL's approval. The agreement limited ability buy SGL share Dart said. It consider condition unreasonable try negotiate friendly transaction said. Dart five pct SGL shares. Dart request information meeting SGL representative held meeting hope representative reach agreement. It indicate flexible price told issue SGL management condition deal Dart expect account put together package. It issue include immediate payment 5.7 mln dlrs SGL chairman Leonard Lieberman executive vice president James Dougherty financial officer Murray Levine. Dart payment intend officers' severance agreement implication Lieberman Dougherty leave company volition. Dart agreement none officer accelerate payments. Also Dart Lieberman Dougherty Levine paid 2.6 mln dlrs pay taxes. It top management's incentive share accelerate paid cost six mln dlrs restriction share unless waive company's compensation committee. Dart fund five mln dlrs top management's supplemental retirement plan. Dart issue agree future severance obligation future salary guarantee top management estimate 15 mln dlrs excess obligation company's policy. Dart despite management payment agree discus aspect offer try negotiate transaction March 18 meeting SGL. Supermarkets General own Path Mark supermarket chain Rickels centres. Dart release copy lawsuit file SGL shareholder seek stop SGL take action pay greenmail enact poison pill defence. The suit sought director carry fiduciary duty. Greenmail payment premium share held unwanted suitor poison pill typically issue security shareholder takeover expensive. REUTER 