Taiwan's control currency inflow implement desperate bid stem flood speculative money prompt local currency surge U.S. Dollar local foreign banker said. The central bank clear remittance exceed mln U.S. Dlrs earn export shipping insurance bank lending plus remittance 10000 dlrs source. Petitioners show remittance relate genuine commercial transactions. Meanwhile trader longer require report outward payment concern invisible trade include freight insurance royalty central bank. But banker believe control ineffective businessmen split remittance small unit simply remit money Taiwan's flourish currency black market. The banker control announce March 6 panic reaction U.S. Pressure intensified past week faster appreciation Taiwan dollar slow growth Taiwan's export U.S. The government deny local press report Washington press exchange rate 28 dlrs. The Taiwan dollar open cent 34.70. "I don't central bank final target" executive U.S. Bank. Other banker economist wary make firm prediction Taiwan dollar rise. Taiwan's trade surplus U.S. Hit 13.6 billion U.S. Dlrs 10.2 billion 1985. The surplus widen month 2.35 billion dlrs 1.87 billion period year. Economists estimate five billion dlrs speculative money flow Taiwan 1986. This inflow help boost foreign exchange reserve 51 billion dlrs 25 billion provide far upward pressure currency. The Taiwan dollar appreciate 15 pct U.S. Currency September 1985 far encourage speculators. Central bank governor Chang Chi-cheng week Washington's pressure plus rise foreign exchange reserve meant far strengthen currency inevitable. Many local banker argue effective solution currency drop foreign exchange control allow local dollar level. "Lifting exchange control final answer central bank prepared it. It simply risk" local banker. He believe restriction temporary measure design buy central bank grapple exchange rate problem. The restriction bureaucratic imposition skirt real issue said. Taiwan need fundamental restructuring foreign exchange control executive western bank. "The control create paperwork extra bank charge outweigh profit speculation" manager European bank. Economists criticise control say antagonise Washington push far economic liberalisation Taiwan. "Instead liberalise outflow government restrict inflows" Kate Newman economist Vickers da Costa. A local banker decline name "It's basically ridiculous. It's backward movement go government's liberalisation programme." Taiwan ease financial regulation enable Taiwan national invest foreign government bond treasury bill certificate deposit allow individual 5000 U.S. Dlrs cash country year. REUTER 