The budget present Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson described MPs analyst politically astute combine tax cut fiscal prudence promise boost Conservative government's stand voter financial markets. The 1987/88 budget contain two-penny cut standard rate tax billion stg reduction Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR) 4.0 billion stg. Parliamentarians budget pave fall domestic rate election. Conservative MP Anthony Beaumont-Dark budget "is glamourous - sound sensible." Lawson told journalist "a budget built success success." But opposition MPs agree . David Steel leader Liberal Party "this strangely deceptive budget. The Chancellor six billion stg - chosen half reduce PSBR whereas SDP/Liberal Aliance wiser revenue reduce unemployment alleviate poverty." Steel "the cunning seductive budget pre-election period - fall rate fall mortgage rate low income tax relatively cheaper whisky beer cigarette petrol." David Owen leader Social Democratic Party (SDP) Liberals centrist Alliance group "this attempt electioneer budget fail objective. It money "haves" oppose "have-nots." Labour leader Neil Kinnock call "a bribe budget." Kinnock budget "had little everything election." Roy Hattersley Labour Party's Treasury spokesman "the Tories available resource invest industry health education." He add "we whoever elect (to election) reverse tax cuts." But Lawson reject that. Rather Treasury expect 3.0 billion stg fiscal 1988/89 cut tax raise spending. Lawson reject claim opposition MPs government force call election deteriorate economy. In financial statement Parliament Lawson "the set year's budget favourable years. We enter seventh steady growth fifth combine low inflation. The finance sound strong unemployment falling." He "these fruit government's determination bad time hold firmly policy sound money free markets." Lawson Government compulsion plump election. Asked political journalist effect Budget election timing reply "I hold election either late early. I confess I be relaxed all. "There compulsion election. But add "if Prime Minister decides election bring ridiculous pre-election atmosphere fever - that." Industry welcome Lawson's budget. Confederation British Industry (CBI) President David Nickson "This budget reinforce success. Lower government borrowing mean low interst rate business. This CBI wanted." "We judge budget affect cost borrowing. This trick." REUTER 