Increased federal government borrowing need grow unwillingness foreign investor buy mark asset push yield German authority bond high bond market source say. "At moment sideways movement short-term rates. But rate move depend strongly foreigners" portfolio manager security investment Frankfurt said. The source government already step borrowing programme anticipation increase needs. Friday's loan stock third already source noted. It carry 10-year maturity coupon six pct price 100-1/4 yield 5.97 pct issue. This compare issue 5-3/4 pct coupon price 99-3/4 pct yield 5.75 pct. But dealer term attract foreign investor federal government push yield high future want borrow soon. Sources note federal government issue increase size introduction billion mark volume start May. One finance ministry economist "It isn't more. It's size (of bond) increased." He add condition capital market currently remain fairly favourable raise debt. Until recently federal issue sell strongly abroad 90 pct place foreign investors. With recent stabilisation U.S. Dollar foreign investor begin market hope far currency gain mark diminish. Sources government already step borrowing have raise 18 billion marks. The government net borrowing 23 billion mark 1986. But Bundesbank statistic show net borrowing bond 26.6 billion. The source indicate move government type debt gain access foreign fund acceptable loan stock form. Although credit need partly inflate amount issue mature recently factor include government's tax reduction reduce income year. "The tax reform" portfolio manager said. He add government's cut top income tax rate 53 pct 56 pct 1988 difficult government reduce borrowings. The source government fall short cover 40 billion mark lose revenue tax reform make expenditure cut force fall debt market form other. The portfolio manager note besides federal government loan stock fall twice raise total 6.43 billion mark issue fixed-rate medium-term "Kassenobligation" notes. A finance ministry economist government expect trouble keep plan borrow net 22.3 billion mark year. Though source agree add trend probably continue far tax cut effect. "I expect effort far tax reform mean government borrowing increase" manager said. Bond price week slightly firmer balance Bundesbank's authority bond yield calculation fall 5.64 pct Friday 5.66 week earlier. But source foreign demand federal government loan stock slack sentiment grows dollar rise mark. "The demand wasn't good" dealer German bank London said. The dollar's recent slight appreciation mark meant foreign investor sell mark bond recently dealer said. REUTER 