Switzerland's economy combine low unemployment financial stability external payment surplus excellent condition face satisfactory future Organisation Economic Cooperation Development OECD said. This reflect success stable relatively tight fiscal monetary policy follow government said. The OECD annual report Switzerland picked sign slowdown activity slight pick-up inflation give cause concern. The study forecast decline Gross Domestic Product growth 1.75 pct estimate pct 1986 rise consumer price inflation 1.25 pct year's sharp fall 0.75 pct 3.6 pct 1985. But job creation continue absorb modest increase workforce leave unemployment rate unchanged pct low 24-industrial nation OECD area. Assuming average exchange rate 1.71 Swiss franc dollar 1.69 half 1986 report forecast 2.75 pct rise export 3.5 pct rise import rise 3.25 pct 6.5 pct respectively 1986. The faster growth import compare export reflect buoyant private consumption meant contribution foreign payment balance GDP shrink years. But "given Switzerland's external surplus concern domestic demand grows faster GDP...Which contribute improve international balances" OECD said. Real private consumption appear unusually buoyant 3.25 pct growth rate relative weakness noted. In 1987 private consumption expect slow somewhat 2.25 pct growth rate outstrip overall GDP added. The outlook investment plant machinery remain bright 1987 capacity near record level scope rationalisation modernisation industry service sector said. As consequence growth machinery equipment investment likely decelerate slightly vigorous growth 1986. But report raise questionmark prospect tourism banking industry major service sector earner foreign exchange. The long-term appreciation Swiss Franc accelerate deregulation foreign banking market lead loss international market share said. Particularly bank "recent development international financial market rise question whether Swiss financial show substantial flexibility past adapt speed require ... To preserve competitive position" said. REUTER 