Member European Community start run patience Japan believe repeatedly promise major initiative market import minor moves. Diplomatic source recent action EC country bear witness disillusionment willingness ability Japanese government reduce massive trade surplus EC. However all-out trade EC suffer Japan. Senior EC diplomat give generally favourable reaction EC executive commission proposal EC raise tariff range Japanese product U.S. Carries threat similar move April 17. The EC tariff involve renounce obligation enter trade body GATT design stop diversion export EC market U.S. The diplomat meeting Tokyo announce EC's trade deficit Japan reach record 2.13 billion dlrs March 1.94 billion February. In 1986 Japanese export EC total 30.67 billion dlrs 4.5 pct 1985 EC export Japan fell pct 12.43 billion dlrs. In Paris trade minister Michel Noir France decide Japan taste medicine. Burgeoning import microwave oven frozen Coquilles St Jacques restrict strict application French quality standard -- EC happens export enter Japan. Britain threaten withdraw licence Japanese bank insurance company operate City London British Cable Wireless company lose competition Japanese telecommucations contract. However British official London government go imply immediate drastic action unless contract reopened. By contrast West Germany EC's successful economy threaten Tokyo sanction prefer rely firm diplomacy encouragement industry surmount obstacle export Japan. The EC Commission switch tactic recent substitute call action Japan market specific demand move key areas. At instance pressure Japan allegedly discriminatory taxation import wine spirit ensure EC company chance win contract building international airport simplify certification safety check import cars. EC official tactic yield benefit Japanese announce modification non-tariff barrier import token amount. They stress action take EC stop beggar-my-neighbour action. One problem Britain withdraw licence Japanese bank banker welcome arm Frankfurt Amsterdam out. REUTER 