Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson's Budget speech described sound balance analyst slightly lack excitement. A cut bank base lending rate widely expect tomorrow forecast predict half-point fall. A follow-up half-point cut anticipate week. "Worthy boring probably sum up" Peter Fellner U.K. Economist stockbroker James Capel Co said. "It prudent fiscal budget." Richard Jeffrey broker Hoare Govett well-balanced budget confines government's philosophy keep expenditure level flat. Most analyst Budget sound fiscal offer monetary policy. As widely expect Lawson split "fiscal adjustment" trim 1987/88 PSBR target 4.0 billion stg 7.1 billion cut basic rate income tax 29 27 pct. The target narrow measure money supply M0 kept unchangd six pct target broad Sterling M3 aggregate dropped. Both Jeffrey Fellner budget clear half-point fall U.K. Base rate tomorrow authority unlikely sanction large cut immediately. Many analyst currency dealer forecast full one-point cut tomorrow. "The Bank England loathe action reverse later" Jeffrey add far half-point cut quite near future. The main worry today's speech outlook inflation sign relaxed monetary policy contain Scrimgeour Vickers economist Richard Holt said. Holt note "rather loose" inflation forecast 4.0 pct end-1987 low rate likely result tough fiscal stance cause longer term concern. "A high PSBR target preferable term" low mortgage rate fall base rate offset impact inflation. The Budget inspire lot short-term confidence "not budget inflation" Jeffrey like Lawson danger excessive liquidity build-up overall concerned revival inflation. Fellner note exchange rate remain "leading edge" monetary policy authority likely extremely cautious front. He unlikely hesitate hold rate steady raise sterling show sign excessive weakness. Most analyst agree Lawson bolster credibility Budget adopt realistic forecasts. Raising forecast current account deficit 1.5 2.5 billion stg 1987 unsettle market already discounting amount Jeffrey said. 4.0 billion stg PSBR target credibility favourable outturn 1986/87 forecast 4.0 billion stg. But analyst Budget speech clear-cut indication timing election held June 1988. Some believe signal poll June note benefit income tax cut decision raise duty alcohol tobacco available immediately. But kept option deduce it. James Capel's Fellner note fiscally prudent Lawson kept possibility autumn election "chickens come roost." Richard Jeffrey favour likelihood June election Chancellor go Budget aim overtly buying election victory. Nevertheless likely result boost Conservative Party's pre-election popularity. REUTER 