The Bundesbank unlikely change credit policy central bank council meet Thursday session Venice summit banking economist money market dealer said. The Bundesbank steer money market rate low month cut rate security repurchase pact unlikely cap move cut lead rate near future said. The council meet Saarbruecken meeting follow news conference 1030 GMT. But Bundesbank official note news conference usually call council meet outside Frankfurt necessarily herald policy moves. Bundesbank Vice-President Helmut Schlesinger reason cut rate money supply growth show sign slow May dollar stable mark. Schlesinger told Reuters Tokyo Bundesbank open representative office West German economy pick contract seasonally adjust 1/2 pct quarter. Money market dealer call money likely hold 3.50/70 pct range month Bundesbank switch month tender rate minimum bid rate 3.50 pct allocate fund 3.55 pct. "They signal indicate maybe low market rate far discount Lombard" Winfried Hutmann chief economist Schroeder Munchmeyer Hengst Investment GmbH said. Werner Chrobok manage partner Bethmann Bank German rate low industrial country historical low West Germany. A far cut rate little impact economy bank reporting slack credit demand company swim liquidity Chrobok said. The Bundesbank therefore reluctant move rate held reserve. "The Bundesbank frighten use powder" said. A cut discount Lombard rate bring line structure money market rate month little practical significance dealer said. The Bundesbank therefore act want diplomatic gesture week's Venice summit. But Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl clear past opposes gesture mere "eyewash." Economists really Bonn government cut tax Bundesbank ease monetary policy meet pressure West Germany Venice summit. But Bonn struggle finance already announce tax cut fall tax revenue widen federal budget deficit hard Bonn cut tax further. "The Bonn government weak position Venice can't risk increase deficit further" Schroeder Muenchmeyer Hengst's Hutmann. Bethmann's Chrobok anything happen Venice fiscal monetary policy. "But I don't expect convincing measures" said. Money market dealer note call money continued normalize fall 3.60/70 pct 3.75/85 yesterday five pct Friday push month-end distortions. Call money upwards pressure month major round tax payment bank behalf customer start week begin June 15. Two holiday week distort market. Dealers expect Bundesbank allocate fund tomorrow late repurchase pact unchanged 3.55 pct set unchanged minimum bid rate 3.50 pct fully replace 5.5 billion mark outgo pact. But dealer Bundesbank allocate fund 3.6 pct 3.55. That represent tighten policy however. Because Bundesbank scale bid allocates minimum accepted rate bank try full allocation bidding heavily 3.6 pct dealer said. On issue Poehl Bundesbank likely lift restriction private European Currency Unit (ECU) meeting soon. Saarbruecken suitable announcement gesture European unity capital Saarland bordering France twice French occupation century. But dealer ECU announcement unlikely week technical legal matter resolve instance German ECU account treat minimum reserve purposes. REUTER 