The recent sharp rise U.S. rate spark turmoil fixed-income market underwriter doubt company treasurer rush borrow rate increase further. "Corporate treasurer continue issue debt believe borrowing attractive rate" underwriter major Wall Street house. Said "We flood offerings. Treasurers reassess market. We issuance dry either." Still pace corporate borrowing finance market slow accord Reuter tabulation. Last week shorten Columbus Day holiday issuance 1.3 billion dlrs debt. That prior week's tally slightly billion dlrs debt. In contrast ago unusual amount offering single company advantage decline rate refinance higher-cost debt expand operation via financing low attractive rate underwriter noted. "Companies conduct financing believe essential" underwriter medium-sized Wall Street firm. "But market stabilizes." In meantime treasurer probably prefer shorter term issue analyst said. For instance week's nine issue maturity 10 years. The offering maturity seven cluster accord Reuter tabulation. That single-digit rate week two-year securities. "If rate continue high treasurer rush market" trader medium-sized security house. "But week's sharp rate rise fluke treasurer sit wait rate decline issue debt hop course miss boat do so" added. Another impediment issuance lukewarm reception issue institutional retail investor recent week trader point out. Many investor refrain buying believe rate rise further. "We lot buying week yet willing pull trigger" broker said. "They wait recent rate increase sustained." Conflicting forecast likely direction rate analyst said. For instance Henry Kaufman chief economist Salomon Brothers Inc weekly "Comments Credit" yield U.S. Treasury bond probably rise far marketplace expect inflation rise dollar continue decline. In contrast Standard Poor's Corp Friday price debt security fixed-income market recover. The rating agency neither economy nor dollar justify current yields. Meanwhile Chicago Board Trade slat hold press briefing Tuesday New York plan list future contract base corporate bond index. That follow week's announcement Commodity Exchange Inc Comex plan list October 29 future contract base investment-grade corporate bond index Moody's Investors Service Inc. Reuter 