Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp difficulty combine railroad fend takeover Henley Group HENG> accumulate five pct stake real estate railroad conglomerate analyst said. Takeover speculation surround Santa Fe Henley disclose stake company earlier week analyst Santa Fe official skeptical takeover intention. Analysts company strong defense easily deter suitor - problem combine railroad property hang regulatory limbo. Richard Fischer Merrill Lynch Co Inc Santa Fe December 31 580 mln dlrs cash cash equivalent long-term debt capital 25 pct. "This give plenty borrowing power" unwanted suitor. Henley Group's Chairman Michael Dingman want major position undervalue natural resource companies. He told Reuters interview seek acquisition billion eight billion dlrs. Santa Fe official don't appear concerned Henley launch takeover. "I characterize atmosphere concern" Santa Fe executive Henley. "I it's wrong assume Dingman form firm strategy Santa Fe" Mark Hassenberg cover Henley DLJ Securities. Analysts potential Santa Fe's land asset likely realize slowly. They add Santa Fe's effort merge railroad remain regulatory limbo sidetrack strategic plan foreseeable future. These reality support Henley Group's statement Santa Fe stake investment. The press face Santa Fe overcome difficulty merge railroad Atchison Topeka Santa Fe Railway Co Southern Pacific Transportation Co. The merger create nation's second-longest railroad. Last July Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) deny merger anticompetitive grounds. The company grant trackage-sharing right western railroad meet ICC's concern persuade reopen hearing three-year-old struggle merge lines. "My guess commission decide six week whether reopen hearings" Fischer said. "I believe they've effort satisfy ICC's objections" said. "But do haven't pleased everyone. Before Burlington Northern Burlington oppose trackage right up." If hearing reopen analyst predict six nine month everyone ICC decide. Santa Fe midst 50-mln-share stock buyback begin 1984. It bought 33.7 mln share February 1 154.7 mln share outstanding spokesman said. Among share repurchase stake own Norfolk Southern 3.4 mln share bought 1986 1.7 mln share 1985 analyst said. James Voytko Paine Webber believe Santa Fe fight Henley Group cash credit. Citing share buyback Norfolk Southern Santa Fe's option threaten buy Henley stake. "It indeed Dingman see low-risk opportunistic investment" Voytko said. "People follow Santa Fe value 45 dlrs 50 dlrs share" DLJ Securities' Hassenberg. "But I'm Dingman's company worth breakup value." Reuter 