Canada's major bank likely stiff pressure declare Brazilian loan non-performing expect major U.S. bank similar action quarter tomorrow analyst said. American banker week slow progress debt talk Brazil increase likelihood U.S. bank soon declare Brazilian loan non-performing. Such action "would lot pressure Canadian bank same" Levesque Beaubien Inc Toronto-based bank analyst Donna Pulcine told Reuters. "They (banks) appear conservative" Pulcine "and major bank put loan non-performing basis Canadian bank don't lot pressure shareholder bank consider loan non-performing bank not." Wood Gundy Inc bank analyst Patricia Meredith willingness major Brazilian bank creditor Citicorp CCI> declare Brazilian loan non-performing Brazil dictate settlement term provide compelling example creditor banks. "In strategy (Citicorp) support banks" Meredith. Bank analyst Michael Walsh First Marathon Securities Ltd Canadian bank decline identify "wants (the Brazilian loans) non-performing basis try encourage position." Canadian bank owe seven billion Canadian dlrs Brazil late month suspend payment 68 billion U.S. dlr foreign bank debt. Banks Canada allow wait 180 day declare loan receive non-performing usually move loan 90 days. They therefore delay action Brazilian loan late May fall Canadian banks' third quarter end July 31. Bank Montreal> Brazil's large Canadian bank creditor week currently consider declare 1.98 billion dlrs Brazilian loan non-performing. "I benefit public" Walsh Bank Montreal's statement. Some analyst predict minimal earnings impact Canadian bank move declare Brazilian loan non-performing. They Brazil likely resume payment banks' fiscal year-end October 31 allow bank recoup lose income. "From Brazil quite likely bank money" Meredith. "My outlook optimistic adjustment full-year's earnings." Meredith forecast 1987 fully dilute share earnings 3.80 dlrs Royal Bank Canada> compare 3.74 1986; 4.30 dlrs Bank Montreal> compare 3.59; 2.25 dlrs Canadian Imperial Bank Commerce> compare 2.23; 2.15 dlrs Bank Nova Scotia> compare 1.94 2.85 dlrs Toronto Dominion Bank> 2.74. She forecast 1.90 dlrs National Bank Canada> 3.30 dlrs stock split. Analyst Pulcine low full-year earnings estimate bank ct 10 ct share assume settlement reduce Brazil's costs. "If bank didn't receive anything rest fiscal impact range 16 ct 70 ct share. But I don't likely scenario" Pulcine said. Walsh First Marathon suggest Brazilian debt situation complex "it drag beyond full fiscal year." He foresaw have low 1987 fiscal earnings forecast banks. He estimate Brazil's yearly payment Canadian bank total 575 mln dlrs 10 pct total 1986 pre-tax earnings. Reuter 