Brazil's financial crisis rapidly become political crisis President Jose Sarney face increasingly serious question future. As Brazil enters debt talk creditor United States week political analyst Sarney's administration appear weaker. The full political price Sarney pay failure much-vaunted anti-inflation Cruzado Plan clear. He pay presidency. Calls increase direct presidential election pick successor Sarney year. The length term decide Constituent Assembly Sarney lobbying six-year term. Sarney face presidential election March 1985 military bow 21 rule. Although wide support direct election president military act insist electoral college influence choice. The college chose Tancredo Neves popular politician head Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB) oppose military rule. In smooth relation military Neves chose Sarney supporter general purely ceremonial post vice-president. But Neves die office Sarney power. He won grudge support PMDB Cruzado Plan wildly popular inflation-weary Brazilians. But Cruzado Plan fail politics Brazil same. "The country rudderless ship" U.S. Diplomat echo common view government lack clear idea tackle economic crisis. Sarney appear increasingly isolated criticism come community trade union military medium political opponents. Many businessmen unhappy Sarney's decision announce February 20 suspend payment 68 billion dlrs foreign debt. A motor industry executive said: "The community think Brazil IMF. Their rule sometimes harsh strict order." Trade union generally support debt moratorium disagree aspect government policy. Since February organize strike seaman bankworkers federal university teacher countless local stoppage protests. Economic problem prompt criticism military figure include army ruler General Joao Figueiredo. It sign time daily military deny coup. If army stay barrack key arbitors Sarney's fate PMDB's leaders. So take clear stand issue direct elections. But PMDB leader Senator Affonso Camargo pointedly yesterday sovereign Consituent Assembly call direct election presidency whenever wished. In medium Sarney contend strong criticism. One senior political commentator Fernando Pedreira Jornal Brasil write newspaper week: "President Sarney ... intention aware true country immense failure Cruzado Plan. "The disappointment frustration irritation enticement (and continue be) profound."He call direct election 1988 crisis. One Sao Paulo's lead news magazine Senhor editorial week: "The anarcho-populist government President Jose Sarney failed. Two already disastrous experience. "It deserves bury quickly possible. The natural solution: direct election soon." The government's inability control inflation bring serious problems. An explosion rent Sao Paulo thrown ten thousand family onto street longer afford pay wooden shack slums. The local press say city experience big wave land invasion history. According rental agency rent increase 500 pct little year. Even cheapest shack cost 2000 cruzados (90 dollars) month half minimum wage earn. Cardinal Paulo Evaristo Arns Roman Catholic archbishop Sao Paulo warn yesterday possibility "a conflict unimaginable proportions." With wall politically tension rise Sarney position compromise debt. Reuter 