U.S. money manager investment advisor expect stock continue outperform bond hedge bet keep roughly half portfolio bond cash quick investment shifts. Merrill Lynch asset mix report due urge weighting 50 pct stock 35 pct bond 15 pct cash versus 40 pct bond 35 pct stock 25 pct cash previously. "We believe overweighting stock warrant positive momentum corporate earnings" Christine Lisec-Tinto Merrill senior investment strategist. Lisec-Tinto formulate Merrill's late asset mix recommendation chief investment strategist Charles Clough consolidation recent stock price gain market appear potential. Through Friday stock price measure Dow Jones Industrial Average surge 19.13 pct 1987. Meanwhile Shearson Lehman Treasury bond price index edge 0.4 pct. "We believe equity market upside potential bond market" Chrysler Corp C> treasurer Fred Zuckerman said. He "interest rate come I bet lot sharply." Chrysler's 3.5 billion pension fund week sell 405 mln dlrs corporate bond plan sale slightly billion dlrs corporates. Zuckerman told Reuters proceeds buy stock bring equity 50 pct portfolio. A roughly bond/stock portfolio split urge Wright Investors Service 4.25 billion dlrs management optimistic bond stocks. "We'd half bond half equity now" Judith Corchard Wright senior vice president. She bond share lift 35 pct months. "The stock market appreciate sharply discount future corporate earnings extensively" Corchard said. She "we're worried stock price correction 10 15 pct six possibly months." Meanwhile Wright expect bond benefit half percentage decline rate year's end. "At level stock market advantage long-term bond equity rate scenario" Corchard said. "The stock market short time. I'd hardpressed jump stock Dow near 2300 unless I really convince earnings multiple increase" fixed-income security portfolio manager major money center bank. He bank kept bond/equity portfolio mix fairly stable recently probably major change month awaits economic oil price dollar trends. "We've see real movement bond stock funds" George Collins president T. Rowe Price Associates 22 billion dlrs asset management. While detect rush stock bond either mutual fund T. Rowe Price umbrella outside money manager Collins think stock investment bond time. "In near term stock market prospect growth due mixed signal economy slim chance Federal Reserve ease policy heavy debt accumulation" Collins said. He expect U.S. stock improve far corporate earnings potential nominal rate already low strong foreign demand stock. Collins fund include bond stock firm maintain aggressive 75 pct weight equity rest bond cash. "Our equity manager take slightly heavier cash position equity portfolio lately" Collins said. "Cash" portfolio usually mean short Treasury bill readily sell allow rapid investment shifts. Many portfolio manager work relatively cash position equity account 25 30 pct belief downward price correction enroute high ground. In bond portfolio money manager generally show preference shorter term (10 under) Treasury note lesser extent agency security longer-dated Treasury issue corporate bonds. Since yield premium corporate Treasury bond low investor believe corporates overvalue versus Treasury agency issues. Another negative cite corporate bond risk hostile takeover leveraged buyout sudden rating decline exist Treasury Federal agency securities. Farm Credit paper cite undervalue buy despite issuer's well-publicized financial woes. Reuter 