West German bank Brazil closely International Monetary Fund (IMF) view seek solution country's debt problem senior West German banking source said. The source speak ahead meeting Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson Funaro West german counterpart Gerhard Stoltenberg believe Brazil convincing economic recovery program. Their comment echoed British Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson met Funaro yesterday. Funaro currently European trip seek involve government negotiation commercial bank reschedule Brazil's foreign debt total 109 billion dlrs. But Lawson told Funaro Brazil solve problem bank governments. Diplomatic source Bonn Funaro leave tomorrow morning Zurich meeting Stoltenberg evening. Funaro reject suggestion negotiation IMF question Brazil agree austerity Fund. However West German banking source institution particularly Brazil present credible recovery "rapprochement" IMF. "Consultations expected" banker. Funaro's trip follow decision Brazil 10 day ago suspend payment 68 billion dlrs commercial debt. It frozen bank credit line deposit foreign bank institution worth 15 billion dlrs. One senior banker closely involve Brazilian debt negotiation offer qualify support call Funaro change structure advisory committee bank coordinate Brazilian debt 1982. Funaro yesterday U.S. Banks hold 35 pct Brazilian debt over-represented 14-bank advisory committee 50 pct committee seats. He Brazil adopt approach creditor bank involve separate discussion regions. Such move Brazil's European bank supportive U.S. Banks alternative debt solution capitalisation. The senior banker strongly oppose purely regional approach saying: "There committee solution." But added: "There understand special request special region take account." German bank object idea capitalisation reject committee. It imperative alternative option considered. "The menu richer" banker said. Banking source commercial bank involve today's talk Funaro. A spokesman Bundesbank Frankfurt central bank represented. West German bank take relaxed attitude Brazilian suspension payment institution United States low exposure. According Bundesbank data September West German bank exposure Latin America slightly 16 billion mark represent five pct foreign credit. REUTER 