Karl Otto Poehl West Germany's central bank Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg normally agreement foreigner doubt central bank's independence. But rare row ebullient Poehl president Bundesbank Stoltenberg controversial investment tax proposal add woe country's already nervous financial market banker said. Poehl told investment symposium Frankfurt Thursday fear tax raise borrowing cost rate Stoltenberg quickly issue statement rebut Poehl's criticism say West Germany remain attractive foreign investors. "The obvious lack coordination Bundesbank Finance Ministry instil confidence foreign investors" economist London broker identified. Bankers express confidence top financial policy-makers quickly patch relationship steer economy particularly difficult time. "There plenty objective pressure result get normal period ill feeling" Commerzbank AG chief economist Juergen Pfister. News October 9 government planning 10 pct withholding tax wipe billion mark share bond market already reel rise rate abroad. Bankers Bundesbank angered finance ministry announce plan -- consult Bundesbank adequately allow apparently conflict detail dribble unprepared uncertain market. Both Poehl 57 Stoltenberg 59 extraordinary pressure lately. Poehl switch hard line promote deputy Helmut Schlesinger jacking rate fight inflationary fear abandon pragmatic policy pursue promote currency stability. In recent statement Poehl sound Schlesinger. For softly-spoken economist warn speech speech excessive money supply growth eventually lead rise prices. Schlesinger majority support Bundesbank council late summer Poehl represent view banker said. "Poehl minority house" Commerzbank's Pfister. "Poehl dilemma. He follow policy entirely own" economist. The dilemma German rate rise attract fund country push mark hurt West German exporters. The dollar shed seven pfennig Bundesbank's tack become clear October. Since Thursday United States Treasury Secretary James Baker criticize Bundesbank rate increases. Bankers foreshadow revival 1986 word U.S. And West Germany U.S. Officials talk dollar force West Germany stimulate economy suck U.S. Exports. One West Germany agree make round tax cut worth 39 billion mark 1990. But financing tax cut prove difficult Stoltenberg bargain for. The cool unflappable northerner regularly vote popular government politician resistance local baron government coalition party trade union plan subsidy cuts. The withholding tax intend plug gap raise 4.3 billion marks. But cause outcry banker push borrowing costs. The extra amount cost government wipe revenue tax brings in. Meanwhile Stoltenberg deal local political row country's bad political scandal. Stoltenberg leave monetary talk Washington month sort row northern Schleswig-Holstein head ruling CDU party. The state's CDU premier Uwe Barschel resign allegation "dirty tricks" election campaign lead heavy loss CDU elections. Barschel found dead hotel bath Geneva weekend. Police death appear suicide. Cooperation Poehl Stoltenberg remarkable Poehl opposition Social Democrats appoint former chancellor Helmut Schmidt. When Poehl's contract renewal earlier Chancellor Helmut Kohl's CDU-led coalition government give Poehl eight-year term. Werner Chrobok manage partner Bethmann Bank hop soon opinion again. But Poehl criticize Stoltenberg's tax plan voice banker demonstrate Bundesbank's independence government Chrobok said. REUTER 