Coffee price look continue slide near term lack progress towards International Coffee Organization (ICO) export quota accord accord coffee trader analysts. Robusta coffee future dipped sharply 4-1/2 low yesterday 1220 stg tonne basis May position lack debate quota ICO talk confirm expectation effort restore quota revive stage said. The 15-day ICO average composite price fell 99.69 cent lb April 1 low 5-1/2 years. Quotas renegotiate ICO's annual September council session interim Brazilian frost season June August prove bullish factor stem far price weakness said. Futures bounce low towards previous trading range 1260/1270 stg tonne May market recover yesterday's "confidence blip" trader commented. But despite today's upturn overall trend low price near future trade source said. The market increasingly vulnerable yesterday's shakeout have held 1250/1350 stg position trading range 22 successive session said. Technically market likely decline far absorbs today's brief rally. Steep decline towards 1100/1050 stg foster "three figure mentality" speculator elect push coffee price below psychological 1000 stg level added. Some trader today's upturn due Brazil's opening May green coffee export registrations. This widely anticipate market surprise remove prevail uncertainty trade buying see morning consequence. However overall trend remains downwards test support 1200 stg expect soon supportive influence horizon approach Brazil's frost season said. Roasters believe cover limit activity modest hand-to-mouth purchase generally take producer offer added. Central American producer sell bulk current crop robusta producer West Africa Indonesia sell coffee April July shipment pressure price far trader said. However dealer see reason bullish advise caution. "Everybody's bearish bullish market 3100 stg" said. Arthur Cherry coffee analyst E.D. F. Man express doubt price spiral continue below current levels. "One dlr coffee catastrophic producer -- minimum below price cannot fall." While price drop low level September 1982 yesterday manufacturer plan cut retail prices. "Its impossible can't predict anything stage" General Foods spokesman said. Manufacturers lower price recently anyway response market weakness. At begin March price 100 gram jar coffee cut 1.55 stg 1.65 stg Britain. But coffee market price continue fall situation review spokesman added. Nestle plan additional price cut near future. "The market seem establish equilibrium doesn't look lower" Nestle spokesman commented. Coffee's plunge week mirror tea fell 5-1/2 low today's auction 1.18 stg kilo medium quality trader added. Reuter 