Fear instability inflation force China curtail major economic reform -- overhaul pricing price bear relation production costs. Despite pledge price change need economy track Peking repeatedly major change happen year. The backtracking occur conservative backlash follow resignation January reformist Communist Party leader Hu Yaobang western diplomat Chinese source say. "Price change arouse discontent especially cities" western diplomat said. "Chinese stable price 30 1949 communist over. On recent visit major city refrain official preserve stability." A Chinese journalist reformer under-estimated potential resistance price increases. "A major review economic reform big reform 1979 -- budget deficit rapid price increase major improvement productivity firms" Chinese journalist said. This view reflect official People's Daily major article week. The daily price increase take quickly recent years. "In future price change steps" add wage increase lax monetary policy result money chase goods. The Chinese journalist review due political factors. "Economics politics inseparable China. But western medium wrong classify leadership reformer conservatives. All leader agree main direction -- economic reform open-door" said. "But difference opinion pace reform specific policies. No advocate return 1979." Those price reflect production cost believe issue vital China's economy. Sugar example. An official newspaper earlier 40 pct country's sugar mill lose money close price sugar change 20 production cost risen sharply period. The western diplomat Chinese leader fear backlash rise price result rioting street mean control. "The bottom line protest struggle (inside Communist Party)" said. Said foreign lawyer refer crisis spark student demonstration lead Hu's replacement "The leadership self-perpetuating oligarchy. There power." The Chinese journalist add China appear reach crossroads. "There clear proposal next" said. "Premier Zhao (Ziyang) instruct think-tanks continue reform 1988." But path lead price reform favour. REUTER 