The Food Drug Administration approve Burroughs Wellcome Co's AZT treatment AIDS patient include advanced-AIDS related complex. The drug approve treatment AIDS U.S. AZT azidothymidine market Retrovir company U.S. arm Britain's Wellcome PLC>. Because limited supply FDA drug restrict initially patient AIDS AIDS-related complex severely depressed immunity history Pnumocystis carinii pneumonia. "Today's approval mark step mean final victory ongoing AIDS" Dr Robert E. Windom assistant secretary health Public Health Service. He note available clinical data sufficient approve Retrovir indication AIDS associate conditions. Nevertheless Windom today's action mean significant medical relief available thousand afflict disease. "Retrovir cure demonstrate ability improve short-term survival AIDS patient recently diagnose PCP (Pneumomystis carinii pneumonia) patient advanced ARC (AIDS-related complex)" Windom. Advanced AIDS related complex condition frequently precedes develops short full-scale acquire immune deficiency syndrome. As March 16 32825 AIDS case report nationwide 16000 deaths. The Public Health Agency advanced ARC patient symptom include weight loss persistent fever diarrhea severe infection oral thrush herpes infections. The federal agency AIDS patient expect qualify retrovir treatment serious opportunistic infection associate AIDS advanced AIDS related complex. It estimate time Americans suffer advanced ARC AIDS. Burroughs Wellcome Research Triangle Park N.C. schedule press conference Monday New York discus patient quality treatment. The company year's treatment drug cost 8000 dlrs 10000 dlrs. Burroughs adequate supply drug seriously ill patient supply minimum 30000 patient probably year. Retrovir's approval expect panel expert medical adviser FDA recommend January drug license sale gap understand drug's effectiveness. The panel drug prolong life AIDS patient cause severe effect anemia blood problems. Due extraordinary situation surround AIDS fatal disease reach health official epidemic proportion Windom FDA move near record time--four months--to approve drug. AZT derive herring sperm create 1960s Jerome P. Horwitz Michigan Cancer Foundation anticancer agent. Meanwhile London dealer Wellcome share rise 497p response night's close 457p. But pharmaceutical analyst Mark Clark Barclays de Zoete Wedd drug's share market expect severe effects. "It cure effect bad unlikely someone support full year's treatment" said. "There host drug likely onto market quite soon." Last week drug approve marketing U.K. Reuter 