Ronald Perelman Revlon Group Inc REV> try ignite bidding Gillette Co draw international player process lot money Wall Street analyst said. Several hour regularly schedule board director meeting Gillette disclose Perelman request consent board offer 40.50 dlrs share. Perelman need consent agree November buy stock 10 permission. "I Ronald Perelman interested Gillette interested put Gillette play stand ton money" Andrew Shore analyst Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. "In play" term Wall Street describe happens company becomes unwiling takeover target. Shore note accord 1986 agreement Revlon get paid acquisition Gillette November price high 29.75 dlrs share. Gillette rise 40 follow gain yesterday. The agreement calculate basis Perelman's previous hold 18.4 mln share adjust split. For example deal Gillette company 44 dlrs share Revlon richer 262 mln dlrs formula. Neither Perelman nor spokesman return telephone call seek comment. "Revlon stand substantial amount money someone else take Gillette" Analyst Deepak Raj Merrill Lynch Co. "I'm say happen Gillette undervalue stock breakup value 45 dlrs share." Shore Shearson Lehman couple reason Perelman really interested acquire Gillette. He Perelman process take Revlon private acquire control cosmetic company ago probably want concentrate improve Revlon's operations. "He's try overhaul improve image dearptment store business." Another reason Revlon recently acquisitions. Under circumstance Shore surprised company Unilever plc UN.AS> Procter Gamble Co PG> decide look Gillette. Shore mention half dozen potential buyer Gillette include Sir James Goldsmith Hanson Trust plc HAN> RJR Nabisco Inc RJR> American Brands Inc AMB> Ralston Purina Co RAL>. "Perelman try company play" Wall Street arbitrageur. "He get share upside company sold." Another arbitrageur expect Gillette resist Perelman's overture. "I can't board consent change November now" said. Another arbitrageur sure on. "Perelman anything fair amount calculation" said. But add "The Gillette board careful. They can't they'll sue shareholders." Gillette's board meeting 1700 EDT one-half hour schedule start time. According copy Perelman's letter release Gillette prepared sign defnitive merger agreement financing condition. He Citibank N.A. lead lender First Boston Inc financial adviser. Reuter 