Japan U.S. Kick top-level trade talk tomorrow amid sign official side grow increasingly irritated other. The talk held annually sub-cabinet level review gamut U.S./Japan economic relation pave American Secretary State George Schultz's stop-over end-week China. Faced grow Congressional protectionist pressure U.S. Administration press Japan speedy action reduce huge trade surplus U.S. Officials said. "We appreciate frustration" senior Japanese government official said. "But frustrated." The official 40 pct rise yen 18 month hit Japan hard force exporter slash spending lay worker lose sale abroad. That yet show dollar-based statistic trade said. He U.S. Administration ignore progress instead emphasize problem remain talk Congress. "It five minute list accomplishments" senior U.S. Official replied. The talk begin tomorrow high-level discussion economic structure country affect bilateral trade imbalance amount 51.48 billion dlrs Japan's favour. On follow day topic range multilateral trade talk auspex General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) bilateral trade problem super computers. The structural talk intend free-wheeling discussion senior officials. Tomorrow's topic include saving investment issue consumer credit housing implication government budget deficits. These talk particularly delicate Japanese government face increase domestic pressure abandon tight-fisted fiscal policy stimulate sag economy spending more. Some U.S. Officials complain Japan intention boost domestic demand import Washington wants. Japanese official turn point finger huge U.S. Budget deficit main culprit trade imbalance. That budget deficit meant U.S. Is buying imports. Japan seem particularly peeve single draft trade bill Senate nation follow adverserial trade practices. "It condemns Japan due process" Japanese official said. That reference spoil otherwise well-thought-out bill introduce Democratic Senator Lloyd Bentsen said. Japan totally happy administration's trade bill particularly proposal establish reciprocal access foreign market criterion retaliatory trade action U.S. Officials said. Nevertheless Japanese official remain weak bargaining position especially threat trade bill overhang them. "We leverage" official admitted. As result Tokyo strive meet U.S. Complaints trade practice variety field include super computers. The U.S. Is press great access Japanese super computer market. The Japanese government sent questionnaire institution university buy sophisticated machine hope eventually set informal bidding procedure easily understood potential seller official said. REUTER 