Shoppers buy Haagen-Daas ice cream Dijon mustard Tuborg beer weekly trip supermarket soon target promotional blitz national-brand "gourmet" coffees. General Foods large U.S. coffee roaster A P share third U.S. market brand roaster introduce higher-quality coffee select supermarkets. But industry insider believe substantial growth potential upscale coffee despite flat sale regular ground roast types. "I suspect General Foods name themselves gourmet line" coffee trade source. "What really dent small-store whole-bean business" trade source added. The line design appeal classic advertising composite--the "yuppie" consumer. They buy fresh pasta subscribe Bon Appetit magazine "first block wok" described Karin Brown General Foods senior product manager coffee call Private Collection GF's Maxwell House division. Paul Gallant president A P's Compass Foods subsidiary make A P gourmet line described potential appeal "a status thing." At initial price 4.99 dlrs 12 ounce expensive quality coffee sell specialty stores. General Foods' Maxwell House Div. cut price offering 50 cent 4.49 dlrs 12 ounces--a move competitor A P bound imitate accord A P executive. Number U.S. roaster Folgers "nothing announce point" gourmet line spokesman said. Neither Hills Bros. subsidiary Nestle share third fourth size market spot volume A P. Competitors believe Folgers watch progress General Foods' offering prepared jump market take off. General Foods A P hope product push coffee sale doldrums. Coffee consumption United States fall 44 pct 1962 accord 1986 study International Coffee Organization. Sales show sign pick up. Compass's Gallant blame falloff decline coffee quality 1960's aggressive soft drink marketing. "The brand cheapen blend name profit spent 100 mln dlrs tell consumer quality coffee" Gallant said. As result consumer taste brew. The consumer try coffee "they turn 'My God awful I I'll Coke'" said. Having mostly write 16-25 age confirm loyalty soft drink coffee marketer aim income free-spending self-treating crowd -- yuppie composite. "Where else go?" industry source said. "Kids aren't drink coffee that's apparent. There markets. The that's promote gourmet" said. In addition perk sale success gourmet line provide high margin roaster regular ground roast coffee produce. Generally retail price twice price green unroasted coffee bean take account cost roast packaging distribution deduct often-generous trade discounts. Supermarkets tend sell coffee near trade price "loss leader" product design draw shopper store. But gourmet line pricing structure prevails industry source said. There trade discounting emphasis expensive packaging include special valve design keep bean fresher. Dealers roaster buying high quality green bean 1.60 dlrs lb. Thus retail price gourmet coffee time price green. Targetted consumer seem willing pay difference. General Foods claim 80 pct consumer test market survey Private Collection more. And product manager Brown point success expensive beer mustard ice cream sell restrict income area available supermarket country. A P similarly optimistic. "We we'll extremely gourmet market" Gallant said. Maxwell House marketing eight type Private Collection select income area A P offer 14 bean gourmet coffee call 8 O'Clock Royale store Philadelphia Baltimore New York Atlanta metropolitan areas. Reuter 