The dollar's tumble record low 144.70 yen Tokyo motivate major Japanese investor lighten U.S. Bond inventory far expect spur diversification investment asset include foreign domestic share dealer said. The key U.S. 7-1/2 pct Treasury bond due 2016 fell low 96.08-12 Tokyo trade 98.05-06 New York finish recover 96.20-22. Some trust bank pension fund acccounts investment trust see sell hundred million dollar foreign exchange market accentuate unit's tumble security dealer said. They seem undecided fresh yen cash position result dollar sale sideline currency market stabilises rate outlook clarifies Nikko Securities Co Ltd currency trader said. The dollar's plunge low yield U.S. Bonds far promote diversification foreign investment call fund domestic bond stock market overseas bond market security bond manager said. They major Japanese investor past estimate held 50 80 pct foreign portfolio U.S. Bonds lighten U.S. Bond inventory low 40 pct. Since late Japanese investor seek substantial liquidity attractive yield fresh fund buy mark Canadian dollar bond Paris currency pact actively bought French franc bond gilt gradually lighten U.S. Bond inventory manager said. Dealers fund tie foreign asset flow local bond stock market well. The yield key 5.1 pct 89th bond drop record low 4.080 pct 4.140 Saturday finish compare 4.25 pct three-month certificate deposit. The key bond fluctuate five basis point month suggest dealer satisfy need capital gain dealer said. A market survey Reuters show active account U.S. Treasuries currently deal Tokyo's stock market. The stock market's bullishness late week partly due fund transfer U.S. Treasuries dealer said. Japanese net purchase foreign security half March fell estimate billion dlrs compare average monthly net purchase 7.7 billion 1986 Finance Ministry source said. The steep fall due Japanese investors' cool attitude towards U.S. Bonds amount 80 pct total foreign security purchase security house manager said. Foreign stock buying March expect exceed record 1.5 billion dlrs see December said. "Diversification foreign portfolio underway bought bond currency mark Canadian dollar ECU French franc" fund manager Yasuda Trust Banking Co Ltd> said. REUTER 