U.S. semiconductor manufacturer struggle stem river red ink increasingly look customize design mass-market chip future profits. The market customize chip - semiconductor design specific application product - expect expand 25 30 pct compare six pct entire integrate circuit industry. Market researcher Dataquest Inc estimate sale customize chip total 4.5 billion dlrs worldwide 12 pct total chip market. By 1990 customize chip expect represent 12 billion 15 billion dlr market 25 pct total chip sales. More vendor standard design customize chip represent sellers' market price profit margin accordingly. High volume memory chip "a perfect commodity market" Robert Brodersen professor electrical engineering University California Berkeley told industry forum. "The product interchangeable manufacturer customer base buying decision entirely price" Brodersen said. He predict handful world's large chip manufacturer (most Japanese) produce memory chip standard electronic component found everything digital watch computers. "The rest industry won't involved." Last week's International Solid State Circuits Conference chip industry's annual forum development support Brodersen's prediction. Of 116 paper present conference 40 pct Japanese author outnumberd United States. Most Japanese chip design memory category include Nippon Telephone Telegraph Co's attention-grabbing 16 mln bit dynamic random access memory (dram) chip 16 time powerful anything available. The advanced memory chip described U.S. company International Business Machine Corp's IBM> mln bit chip IBM manufacture chip internal market. The memory chip base know design standard easy copy inexpensive manufacture. Because Japanese conglomerate Sony Corp SNE> NEC Corp NIPNY> Matushita Mitsui enormous consumer electronics product line guaranteeed internal market chip produce huge amount low cost unit. Customized chip design specific customer manufacture quantity expensive relative standard chips. Computer market increasingly look customize chip difficult copy make final product harder clone well. Intel Corp INTC> lead manufacturer microprocessor form brain computer alert industry intention switch customize chip fall. The company report loss 1986 spend 75 mln dlrs turn lead manufacturer custom semi-custom chips. Intel join 275 company already compete piece customize chip advantage not. IBM own 20 pct stake Intel agree share design 15000 chip make use. Intel customize design sell others. It IBM's proprietary computer design chip consider expert advanced world. Intel's success guaranteed however. Industry analyst note design mass market item customize chip require close work relationship customer. Intel spent five 100 mln dlrs develop new 30386 microprocessor. A faster turnarouond low development cost require customize chip firm succeed. Reuter 