American Express Co subpoenaed Securities Exchange Commission connection document transaction security American Express former unit Fireman's Fund. American Express brokerage unit Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc serve subpoena. Shearson act co-manager underwriting unit Fireman's common stock warrant May serve subpoena said. American Express subpoena Shearson relates transaction Jefferies Co others. American Express Shearson intend comply request SEC cooperate fully. American Express neither company aware unlawful conduct respect matter thorough investigation continuing. American Express subpoena receive yesterday Shearson unaware inquiry prior receive subpoenas. Yesterday Boyd Jefferies founder Jefferies Group agree plead guilty felony count security violations. Jefferies settle charge Securities Exchange Commission market manipulation scheme Ivan Boesky settle SEC charge insider trading. Jefferies' firm censure SEC order retain outside consultant review procedures. In document file Jefferies yesterday SEC identify involve market manipulation scheme aside Jefferies. It "a issuer" held control company offer mln share company's common stock secondary offering 1986. The SEC allege Boyd Jefferies carry scheme unidentified person drive price company's stock prior offering have Jefferies firm trade stock. Jefferies co allegedly compensate loss trading activity send fake invoice unnamed person government charged. American Express offer Fireman's Fund Corp's stock 1985. It lower hold 100 pct 41 pct. In May 1986 reduce ownership 27 pct complete offering nine mln units. Each unit consist share common warrant buy Fireman's fund. The warrant exercisable issue date March 1989. At American Express sell warrant directly Fireman's Fund purchase five mln shares. Those warrant exercisable November 1988 March 1991. American Express warrant exercise 13 pct Fireman's fund. American Express stock fell 1-1/2 77-1/4 volume 1.9 mln shares. The stock strong day rumor announcement understand American Express reach sell Nippon Life Insurance Co 13 pct Shearson. Wall Street anticipate American Express sell stake brokerage unit well. E.F. Hutton analyst Michael Lewis believe subpoena affect Nippon's deal American Express result delay offering anticipate Shearson. "If they're force keep big percentage Shearson little longer...big deal. They're certainly throw Shearson away. Shearson attractive asset" said. American Express comment speculation offer Shearson continue review option brokerage. Analysts speculate offering Shearson forthcoming shortly. "It put cloud while...The market anxious consumate whatever consumate" Lewis said. Reuter 