Rockwell International Corp raise 200 mln dlrs offering note due 1997 yield 7.682 pct lead underwriter Daiwa Securities America Inc. An officer Daiwa's corporate syndicate desk believe Rockwell's debt offering 1984 company tapped Euromarkets. Daiwa U.S. unit Daiwa Securities Co Ltd Japan foreign bookrunner U.S. corporate debt market year. The firm sustain trend emerge 1986 investment banker said. Daiwa head syndicate won Rockwell note competitive bidding. Rockwell net charge 7.722 pct issue Daiwa officer said. The Japanese firm bid note 98.473 coupon 7-1/2 pct reoffering price 98.75 yield 46 basis point comparable Treasury securities. Underwriters syndicate believe 46 basis spread Treasuries aggressive. They premium 50 basis point appropriate. "It look Daiwa submit kamikaze bid business" competitor. However Daiwa officer defend firm's pricing deal. "Because Rockwell float debt 1984 company's note issue museum piece" said. The officer believe Rockwell paper sell quickly mostly company know tapped debt market years. "Investors hungry high-grade debt issue household names" agree corporate bond trader. Non-callable seven issue rat Aa-2 Moody's AA Standard Poor's. Daiwa become foreign firm manage offering domestic debt market September 1986 won competitive bidding 125 mln dlrs 10-year mortgage bond General Telephone Co California unit GTE Corp GTE>. It follow lead UBS Securities Inc U.S. unit Union Bank Switzerland. UBS won deal June 1986 bid won 100 mln dlrs Allied-Signal Inc ALD> debenture due 2016. UBS brought negotiate deal marketplace that. UBS lead late June offering 100 mln dlrs five-year note issue Transamerica Financial Corp subsidiary Transamerica Corp TA>. That follow September UBS price sole underwriter 100 mln dlrs Borg-Warner Corp BOR> note due 1991. In December Nomura Securities International Inc become third foreign security firm manage U.S. offering. The U.S. unit Nomura Securities Co Ltd Japan act sole underwriter won competitive bidding 250 mln dlrs extendible note General Electric Credit Corp subsidiary General Electric Co GE>. The Rockwell deal Daiwa's lead underwriter. Last December Daiwa Nomura name primary dealer Federal Reserve L.F. Rothschild Unterberg Towbin Inc Security Pacific National Bank. UBS Nikko Securities Co International Inc Yamaichi International (America) Inc apply Fed primary dealership status. Primary dealer consider elite firm approve purchase U.S. Treasury security directly Fed's agent Federal Reserve Bank New York investment banker explained. Reuter 