Soviet Prime Minister Nikolai Ryzhkov described Soviet Union's economic management obsolete call Supreme Soviet nominal parliament adopt draft law major economic reform. In speech 1500 member body Ryzhkov excessive central control Moscow-based ministry wasteful resource lead situation 13 pct Soviet industrial enterprise make loss 1986. He face acute food housing problem "shadow economy" grow meet demand. He add USSR fail keep technology revolution. "The method past economic management obsolete" Ryzhkov declared. "The change evident urgent." Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev tone week frank speech economy speech. The legislation outline Ryzhkov formally call draft law enterprise expect approve Supreme Soviet effect January 1. Under law enterprise financially self-supporting take charge income outlay wage tie profit increase worker incentive. Firms compete order due decline direct contract enterprise expand. Ryzhkov planning agency Gosplan restructure economic priority instead administer factory directly five plans. "We fundamentally approach yearly planning" add say annual central plan abandon 1991 enterprise charge develop plans. He scientific research integrate closely industry technology gap West enterprise market research meet consumer demand. Ryzhkov blame supply body Gossnab allow shortage occur. He Gossnab hoard 27 billion rouble worth raw material semi-finished product enterprises. He Gossnab expand wholesale trade. Ryzhkov improve economic management consumer good service require stem increase speculation growth black market economy. He call 10 fold increase cooperative field. He price need radical revision accurately reflect supply demand set price "products importance" change fully five plan begin 1991. The practice use credit cover loss stop. Outstanding debt reach 40 billion roubles. He proposal replace "cumbersome" banking six bank -- bank bank foreign economic relation agro-industry construction housing commercial service credit. Ryzhkov guarantee built law prevent "the distortion right enterprises." But non-profitable enterprise declare bankrupt effort self-supporting failed. Bemoaning "economic illiteracy" manager call retrain economic personnel. Ryzhkov immense amount lay ahead "doing go" difficult add "We stop ponder." He change "give image socialism." REUTER 