Singapore's major bank diversify gradually shift asset holding loan debt instrument banking source said. The bank follow trend Overseas Union Bank Ltd> United Overseas Bank Ltd> Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation> Development Bank Singapore Ltd>. The shift towards securitisation help volatile financial market developed hedge facility float rate note bond risk management Overseas Union General Manager Loh Hoon Sun. Loh told Reuters interview Singapore bank limited growth credit risk. More switch term lending major growth area stockbroking fee base income said. Major local bank venture stockbroking grant seat stock exchange. Bankers move government security market Stock Exchange Singapore Dealing Quotation System. One foreign banker Development Bank Overseas Union Bank Ltd major player equity market Singapore. Loh banks' participation stock market increase transaction provide term growth market. The bank competition individual stockbroking firm increase generate added. Loh Stock Exchange Singapore expand equity issue billion dlrs increase ability foreign local market participant absorb issues. Loh OUB Investment management Ltd> subsidiary Overseas Union Bank Ltd team U.K. Firm launch Union Global Fund. The fund local investor seek capital growth diversified international portfolio. It invest international share emphasis U.S. And Japanese market said. DBS Securities Singapore Pte Ltd> subsidiary Development Bank Singapore apply Hong Kong Stock Exchange Hong Kong stockbroking firm. Loh predict fix deposit prime rate Singapore stay low year. As result bank force provide fund management service major client seek return said. Economic analyst banker optimistic major bank show profit 1987 help high income treasury investment banking activities. They expect 1987 after-tax profit Oversea-Chinese United Overseas show stable growth eight pct respective gain seven pct 1986. Overseas Union's profit expect jump 40 mln dlrs seven mln dlrs 1986 economist said. The Development Bank's after-tax profit rise 39.2 pct 1986 mainly due dividend 20.4 mln dlrs paid National Discount Company Ltd> become subsidiary bank said. REUTER 