The chance U.K. Stocks continue recent rise budget euphoria give uncertainty probable election market analyst probably downwards correction weeks. The U.K. Market manage dizzy rise New Year FT-SE index 100 lead share lift 22.5 pct January 2 current level 2050. "Over month odds index drop 1900" John Goldschmidt equity research Chase Manhattan Securities. "A five 10 pct drop likely. There six pct fall 1983 election Conservatives far ahead poll market multiple 14 instead 18 now" note Nick Knight broker James Capel. "The adage "sell May away'. That's likely apply probably start April" added. But analyst believe correction spell bull run last six years. "As corporate profit earnings keep grow pressure continued rise there. There seem little prospect growth stop 1987/1988" said. Much recent enthusiasm stem belief already virtually discount ruling Conservatives call election month - probably June - sweep third term office. Even happen pre-election nerve likely produce traditional effect damp market result clear. "It's likely hiccup confidence Tories win overall majority" Goldschmidt said. "It quite character market continue sail serenely upwards election beyond" add broker Phillips Drew recent report. The belief government worried impact Alliance party disrupt usual two-corner fight Conservative Labour unpredictable result likely reassurance analyst noted. Other factor indicate market vulnerable downwards correction. U.K. Stocks ridden partly record rise New York Japan pause either suggests London inevitably follow suit. There little encouragement provide economic factor recent optimistic news include month's half cut base rate 10 pct already built prices. "The economy look okay can't support 20 pct increase month indefinitely" said. Also market liquidity powerful drive force behind recent rise show sign dry pressure government's privatisation campaign. The month cash call tranche payment British Gas Plc BRGS.L> British Airways Plc BAB.L> propose sale Rolls Royce Plc> as-yet untimetabled sale government's 31.7 pct stake British Petroleum Co Plc BP.L>. On top call gilt market week's budget limited project 1987/88 borrowing requirement billion stg. "We look squeeze cash flow that's include right issue low pick quarter" Knight said. Reuter 