The Philippines' restructuring 13.2 billion dlrs foreign debt provide welcome boost economy Friday's accord country's 12-bank advisory committee imply overnight boom banker businessmen poll Reuters said. "The successful negotiation form piece mosaic" Christian Roeher Secretary-General European Chamber Commerce said. "Now really government start implement ideas. There lot talk loud thinking." Business leader 17-year reschedule commercial bank debt President Corazon Aquino badly-needed breathing space warn government midst political consolidation. "There lot foreign investor country wait happens congressional local election year" American Chamber Commerce president George Drysdale. The government serious get individual agenda growth consensus. But step brings unanimity opinion closer said. Aurelio Periquet President Philippine Chamber Commerce Industry told Reuters debt accord positively translate international banking community's confidence country's economy Aquino's government. "This government need pressure happily creditor seem way" said. "This accord result immediate boom enhances image country foreign investors." But Periquet domestic foreign investment fell short target 1986. "The accord solve problems" added. Periquet question political stability longer worried Filipino businessmen already start expand exist business invest areas. "A already money plan export market" said. "President Aquino show ability pull nation crisis another." Roeher foreign investment probably held congressional poll May local election August. "The election probably decisive effect reacts" said. "Some foreign company wait exception rule" Roeher said. He government ensure creation job transitory development. "The absorption enormous aid Philippines poor. A lot use. The government act far delay absorb 1.7 billion dlrs development aid receive 1987" said. A foreign banker close debt negotiation foresee real boom 1989. "The Aquino inherit political (former President Ferdinand) Marcos" banker said. "There clamour share benefit sector claim right duties. If fast bust road." Businessman Raul Concepcion whose brother Jose country's trade industry minister everyone heave sigh relief. "Now debt agreement economic financial official concentrate increase government revenue efficiency" said. REUTER 