A rash firing fear mass layoff management overture wage concession stage all-out Eastern Airlines union analyst labor leader say. The bitter labor-management dispute hurt effort revive ail carrier ultimately lead Texas Air Eastern's owner tranfer score Eastern jet non-union sister airline analyst said. "It's trump card Texas Air resort bad -- repaint Eastern plane shift Continental Airlines" Louis Marckesano analyst Janney Montgomery Scott Inc Philadelphia. Eastern lose 130.8 mln dlrs 1986 analyst little chance carrier return profitability year. Since Miami-based carrier take Texas Air morale Eastern's 38000 employee plummet worker labor leader say. Some Eastern official acknowledge privately morale problem contribute absenteeism decline customer service trigger barrage passenger complaints. Union leader accuse Eastern's manager -- newly instal Texas Air chairman Frank Lorenzo -- conduct campaign harassment intimidation aim rid airline high-paid senior employees. "It's underhanded force experienced attempt cut company's labor costs" Nancy Tauss vice president Transport Workers Union Local 553. Some flight attendant complain stalk call "spyriders" -- team auditor hire Lorenzo fly Eastern jet secretly examine flight crew performance. Since begin dozen flight attendant fire result audit have little dlrs miss liquor sale movie headset rental Tauss said. Eastern official acknowledge management tighten accounting procedure crack absenteeism airline say cost 70 mln dlrs -- high industry. But Eastern spokeman Jim Ashlock deny Miami-base airline use unfair labor tactics. "We're try correct long-standing problem cause dissatisfaction" said. U.S. Rep. Newt Gingrich Georgia Republican met group dissident Eastern employee Atlanta report told call hearing airline's labor tactics. Labor management history bitter relation Eastern Airlines. But conflict escalate sharply January 21 Eastern president Philip Bakes call reduction 490 mln dlrs 29 pct annual labor cost mostly union concessions. Eastern's principal union reject demand wage cut refuse contract renegotiation. Union official retaliation resistance airline launch "firing frenzy" aim intimidate employee squeeze concession labor. During 1986 -- Texas Air manager assume control Eastern -- 123 flight attendant fired. That nearly five time great 1985 union said. In month 35 flight attendant lose job accord union records. Other union report similar losses. Texas Air month switch six Eastern's wide-body jet Continental cut-rate sister airline. Eastern begin hire Texas Air carrier repair plane city plan shut maintenance base accord recent internal memo. "Texas Air write check Eastern underwrite outmode labor cost structure" Bakes told meeting Miami businessmen month. He deny Lorenzo plan strip Eastern assets. Reuter 