In unusual move Standard Poor's Corp downgrade U.S. corporate debt issue soon price offering late week. But unlike similar action September 1986 investment banker disrupt financing agency's rate reduction effect trader said. S P announce Friday afternoon cut B B-plus 900 mln dlr issue senior note due 1994 Holiday Inns Inc unit Holiday Corp HIA>. The note price late Thursday sole manager Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. In release Standard Poor's action reflect change note issue's term unsecured form debt secured. That change agency rat note February 20 S P stated. "We action become aware issue's structure changed" Robert Nelson S P. "We generally distinction secure unsecured debt key factor downgrade." A spokesman Drexel action affect Holiday Inns deal already sell investor late Friday afternoon. "The Holiday note trading 100.50 when-issued basis" Drexel spokesman soon S P's announcement. The 10-1/2 pct note price par. That cry late September S P downgrade 215 mln dlr issue subordinate sinking fund debenture due 1998 New World Pictures Ltd NWP> hour pricing. Because rating cut CCC-plus B-minus underwriter halt sale repriced issue. Sole manager L.F. Rothschild Unterberg Towbin initially give debenture 12-1/4 pct coupon par pricing. It repriced issue 97 yield 12.74 pct. New World Pictures increase issue 215 mln dlrs original offering 150 mln dlrs brought S P. The agency cite large financing action believe issuer's cash exist operation adequately service debt. An officer S P rating agency told beforehand issue increase size. Usually issuer underwriter alert rating agency change debt offering said. In case Moody's Investors Service Inc decline follow suit bond trader noted. Indeed Moody's announce Friday original rating B-1 Holiday Inns note remain appropriate. Moody's point seven-year note unsecured obligation Holiday Inns issue benefit negative pledge provision call specify collateral circumstances. The agency B-1 rating continued recognize highly leveraged debt structure result Holiday's recapitalization company's dependence property sale produce adequate cash flow near-term debt service. "Aside Holiday Inns New World Pictures I cannot remember issue downgrade soon pricing" remark corporate bond trader. Holiday Inns sell Thursday via Drexel 500 mln dlrs subordinate debenture due 1999 11 pct coupon par pricing. The debentures' rating B-2 Moody's B-minus S P left unchanged Friday. The combine offering 1.4 billion dlrs second-largest junk bond deal brought market underwriter trader said. They big BCI Holdings' 2.35 billion dlr offering April 10 1986. That Holiday Inns deal sell quickly underscored appetite investor high-yield securities. "People hungry yield. They worried downside risk especially junk bond issue well-known companies" portfolio manager. As result investor expect snap week's plan offering Allied Stores Corp 200 mln dlrs senior note due 1992 rat B-2/B 600 mln dlrs senior subordinate debenture due 1997 rat B-3/CCC-plus. Lead underwriter First Boston Corp Friday tentatively schedule security pricing today. Reuter 