A bidding Viacom International Inc large U.S. entertainment company pit management investor National Amusements Inc closely held theater operator. Both side raise bid weekend. A source close management insist timing side. He outside director approve management proposal merger plan vote shareholder proxy material late week. "It 20 day mail" source. The source predict National Amusements control investor Sumner Redstone "half year" complete tender offer regulatory approval accompany change control Viacom's broadcast license cable television franchises. Redstone available comment. Some Wall Street's arbitrage player rare situation enjoy - true bidding war. One Redstone begin tender offer whenever want convince proposal superior Viacom management plan chance win. The independent director Viacom call meeting today. Word decision expect tomorrow. Viacom share climbed 2-1/2 50-3/8 midafternoon. One major Wall Street firm issue sell recommendation. "We we're term bidding" firm's arbitrageur spoke condition identified. Both Redstone's proposal management proposal create restructure company heavily leveraged debt. The management plan result balance sheet 2.5 billion dlrs debt nearly 500 mln dlrs prefer stock convertible 45 pct common stock. Redstone's new proposal offer holder 42 dlrs cash fraction share exchangeable prefer stock value 7.50 dlrs one-fifth share common stock stock Arsenal Holdings represent 20 pct equity restructure Viacom. One arbitrageur calculate equity Redstone plan worth 2.50 dlrs make total package worth 52 dlrs share. Management offer 38.50 dlrs cash exchangeable prefer stock worth 8.50 dlrs fractional share convertible preferred. The arbitrageur equity portion worth 4.00 dlrs total 51 dlrs. Redstone's new plan raise amount pay cash portion offer beyond April 30 merger Arsenal consummated. The plan call intest paid annual rate nine pct May 12 pct thereafter. Previously Redstone offer eight pct interest. Other arbitrageur Redstone management lead president chief executive Terrence Elkes offering prices. "Redstone really want company" said. Another management edge timing issue. Redstone's company own 19.6 pct ov Viacom's 35 mln shares. A Wall Street analyst hard determine equity newly leveraged company worth. He note example stock FMC Corp FMC> adopt highly leveraged structure inititally trade 12.50 dlrs share dipped nine dlrs 30 dlrs. Last week Viacom report fourth quarter earnings fell ct share 23 cts. The company cost acquisition affected results. Shares Warner Communications Inc WCI> rise 7/8 31-1/8. Analysts note Warner own warrant purchase 3.25 mln Viacom share 35 dlrs 1.25 mln share 37.50 dlrs. Chris Craft Industries CCN> own stake Warner rise 1-1/4 22-3/4. Viacom create 1970 spun CBS Inc CBS>. The company 940000 cable television subscriber operates nine satellite television service own television radio stations. It large distributor film program television. Reuter 