Underlying dollar sentiment bearish operator push currency low unless Japan take step stimulate economy pledge Paris accord foreign exchange analyst poll Reuters here. "The dollar expect try psychological barrier 150.00 yen fall below level" senior dealer lead bank said. The dollar ease week remains stable 151.50 yen. Six major industrial country agree meeting Paris February foster currency stability. Some dealer dollar decline term drastic fall unlikely U.S. Fears renew inflation fear reduce Japanese purchase U.S. Treasury security need finance U.S. Deficit. Dealers generally doubt whether economic package Japan adopt soon effective reduce trade surplus significantly measure probably invite far U.S. Steps weaken dollar. Under Paris accord Tokyo promise package measure fiscal 1987 budget pass boost domestic demand increase import cut trade surplus. But debate budget delayed opposition boycott Parliamentary propose imposition five pct sale tax government slim chance produce meaningful economic package near future dealer said. If step take protectionist sentiment U.S. Congress grow put great downward pressure dollar said. The factor affect U.S. Currency change Paris accord added. "Underlying sentiment dollar remains bearish due still-sluggish U.S. Economic outlook international debt crisis trigger Brazil's unilateral suspension payment foreign debt reduce clout Reagan administration result Iran/Contra arm scandal" senior dealer lead trust bank. "There possibility dollar decline 140.00 yen year" Chemical Bank Tokyo branch vice president Yukuo Takahashi. But operator hard push dollar either fear concert central bank intervention. Dealers widespread rumour U.S. Federal Reserve telephone bank New York ask quote Wednesday intervene sell dollar rise 1.87 marks. The Bank England apparently sell sterling London near 1.60 dlrs Wednesday said. But dealer doubt efficacy central bank intervention say stimulate dollar's decline dealer likely await dollar buying intervention chance sell dollars. However First National Bank Chicago Tokyo Branch assistant manager Hiroshi Mochizuki "The dollar show drastic movement March." Other dealer U.S. Seems unwilling strong dollar swing Japanese company close book fiscal end March 31 weak dollar Japanese institutional investor paper loss foreign holding lose purchase U.S. Treasury securities. U.S. Monetary official refrain make comment month avoid influence rate said. REUTER 