Parliament pass law increase amount frequency treasury bill issue allow government raise 35 billion dlrs issue register stock bearer bond book-entry securities. Both step aim establish wider domestic capital market Singapore's plan expand financial sector Finance Minister Richard Hu said. Banking source government security market schedule launch March 2 delayed pending legislative approval bills. The 35 billion dlrs maximum raise Development Loan Bill (1987) ceiling 15 billion current law expect satisfy demand government security Hu said. He 6.1 billion dlrs 15 billion raise development loans. The rest bond issue absorb advance deposit 13.9 billion dlrs Central Provident Fund (CPF) mandatory pension saving scheme. Workers employer contribute respective 25 pct 10 pct worker's salary CPF fund total 29.3 billion end-1986. Regular government security issue need meet demand bank insurance company financial institution corporate individual investor Hu said. The Monetary Authority Singapore (MAS) plan launch trading issue taxable instrument gross seven billion dlrs gross 38 billion dlrs paper five years. Funds raise excess government's budgetary need channel increase spending recycle financial largely MAS Hu said. Hu current government security market rudimentary CPF hold three-quarters outstanding debt bank discount house insurance company hold rest. "The concentration security hand long-term holder left little scope trading activity" said. "Moreover maturity bond mostly 20 attractive investor expect deal actively market. The infrequency bond issue exacerbate lack liquidity necessary development market" Hu said. Hu obstacle resolve regular issue government security initially carry term five market-related yields. The minimum denomination 1000 dlrs note bond -- aim individual investor -- 10000 dlrs treasury bill direct corporate investors. Eight primary register dealer undertaken market ensure liquidity said. Hu government security market essentially domestic non-residents free invest earn subject withholding tax. Hu Treasury Bills (Amendment) Bill book entry borrowing treasury bill issue record maintain MAS. Hu instead physical certificate have travel forth transaction trip MAS registration MAS maintain computerise update record central register. Commercial bank primary register government security dealer security account MAS holding holding behalf customer Hu said. All trade reflect daily change account Hu said. "These institution turn act custodian government security customer render individual accounting holdings." Hu cut storage handle cost paper reduce danger loss theft destruction counterfeit permit great speed efficiency handle volume transactions. REUTER 