Commerzbank AG CBKG.F> management board chairman Walter Seipp viewpoint bank expect 1987 full operating profit low 1986. In month partial operating profit -- exclude trading bank's account - decline give details. The surplus fell 2.8 pct compare 2/12ths 1986 result commission surplus quiet stock exchange fell strongly. By contrast personnel fix asset expense increased. German bank report full operating profit. But Seipp figure topped billion mark parent bank result 50 pct high this. Commenting 1986 Seipp "we able raise full operating profit...Slightly above record result 1985 account profit increase slightly." He give concrete detail add January February account trading profit meant drop full operating earnings modest partial operating figure. The bank result profit-oriented future develop example investment banking keep tight rein personnel cost dampen expenditure fix assets. Turning 1986 result Seipp strong growth volume. Over volume rise 9.9 pct 93.2 billion mark compare 1985 Seipp added. Group balance sheet volume rise 8.0 pct 148.15 billion. It five billion mark high currency relationship remain unchanged. In parent bank surplus rise nine pct margin held roughly 1985's 2.56 pct despite pressure credit rates. The surplus commission soar quarter 1985 rise 11.6 pct thanks exclusively growth security commission Seipp said. Personnel expenditure 11.9 pct 1.5 billion marks. Fixed asset expenditure rise 9.6 pct 650 mln. As result parent bank partial operating profit rise 3.2 pct 752 mln marks. Parent bank tax payment rise 244 mln mark 233 mln 1985. Seipp extraordinary earnings include "high two-figure million" profit sale bank's AEG AG AEGG.F> share Daimler-Benz AG DAIG.F> latter's majority stake purchase book year. The ability bank write depreciation credit profit security trading earnings sale stake utilised prior full extent. Because numerous insolvency large provision aside individual write-down domestic business. Abroad circle debtor country rise ratio credit exposure provision improve further. Seipp half group's exposure nation dollar bank swap dollar individual provision hitherto held primarily marks. "This mean currency position exist longer amount provision actual default" added. Despite increase concern debtor nation week international banking community arm payment problems. All bank significantly strengthen capital base European bank considerable provision bad debt goverments central bank prepared unforseen difficulties. He described debt-equity swap interest approach indebted nations' problems. There lot direct investment via equity participation Latin America particularly West German firms. Reuter 