British Petroleum Co Plc BP.L> intend tender offer 45 pct Standard Oil Co SRD.N> already 70 dlrs share cash total 7.4 billion offer fully accepted. The offer BP North America Inc> unit intend commence April 1. The offer conditional minimum share tendered. BP statement 70 dlr share price base valuation financial advisers. It account review non-public information. Standard close New York 64-7/8 dlrs 1-3/4 dlrs. BP share drop announcement 877p 888p night's close. About third cash payable met BP's resources. The remainder borrowing partly bank four-year commit revolve credit facility partly U.S. Dlr commercial paper programme. The company course arrange facilities. BP Chairman Sir Peter Walters group's investment Standard large single asset. Full ownership enable investment operating decision limitation minority interest. BP believe acquisition represent optimum financial resources. It confident oil price likely remain range sufficient justify investment. Walters add due management change 1986 Standard operate successfully low oil price environment. Standard's net asset end-1986 7.02 billion dlrs report loss 1.08 billion dlrs tax extraordinary item 608 mln dlrs. Analysts move BP surprise. One note immediately clear spend money buying company already controlled. BP bought remainder Standard share considerably cheaper move six month ago. It unclear effect tender U.K. Government's recent announcement intend dispose remain 31.7 pct stake BP sometime 1987/88 financial analyst said. Analyst Paul Spedding broker Kleinwort Grieveson note effect government sale stake BP depend reaction markets. The deal probably push BP's gear 59 pct 20 pct currently said. However likelihood oil price repeat year's rapid drop prospect Standard return profitability -- BP benefitting cash flow -- good. Standard cost oil producer analyst noted. Spedding note need 12 dlrs barrel money 15 dlrs barrel revenue production downstream activity push comfortably surplus. BP initially stake Standard follow discovery oil Alaska's Prudhoe bay 1969. BP inadequate distribution facility U.S. While Standard strong marketing refining short crude oil. The analyst BP promote major management reorganisation Standard past year. The probability shake-up Standard complete factor behind timing tender offer Spedding said. BP's willingness hard decision major balance sheet write offs sale asset receive markets. The low cost -- especially rationalisation loss make mineral division -- allow benefit oil price recovery straight 1987 profit cut sectors. REUTER 