New Jersey-based overnight messenger Purolator Courier Corp agree acquire 265 mln dlrs company form E.F. Hutton LBO Inc manager Purolator's U.S. courier business. Analysts Purolator sale time. Purolator announce earlier mull takeover bid analyst wrongly predict offer courier company. Hutton LBO wholly own subsidiary E.F. Hutton Group Inc majority owner company. Hutton acquire company PC Acquisition Inc pay 35 dlrs cash share 83 pct Purolator's stock tender offer begin Thursday. The rest share purchase security warrant buy stock subsidiary PC Acquisition contain Purolator's U.S. courier operations. If share Purolator tender shareholder receive share 29 dlrs cash six dlrs debenture warrant buy share subsidiary PC Acquisition contain U.S. courier operations. Hutton merger shareholder 46 mln dlrs aggregate amount guaranteed debenture due 2002 PC Acquisition warrant buy 15 pct common stock PC courier subsidiary. Hutton company value warrant dlrs share. Purolator's stock price close 35.125 dlrs Friday. While analyst estimate company worth mid 30 worth 38 42 dlrs. This follow sale Purolator units. It agree recently sell Canadian Courier unit Onex Capital 170 mln dlrs previously sell auto filter business. Purolator retains Stant division make closure cap radiator gas tanks. A Hutton spokesman firm review option Stant. Purolator's courier lag U.S. rival price paid past add air delivery ground fleet. E.F. Hutton provide 279 mln dlrs fund complete transaction. This so-called "bridge" financing replace long-term debt likely form bank loan Hutton said. Hutton LBO commit keep courier president Warren Idsal said. "Purolator lose 120 mln dlrs largely due U.S. courier operation believe management turn around. We belive serious competitor future" Idsal. William Taggart chief executive officer U.S. Courier division chief executive officer company. The tender offer condition minimum third common stock tender withdrawn expiration offer conditions. The offer begin Thursday subject clearance staff Interstate Commerce Commission expire 20 day commencement unless extended. Reuter 