Brazil's hard-line debt stance meeting creditor resistance boost political initiative Latin America aim broadening global strategy regional debt official economic analyst say. "Now clear Latin America cannot pay condition sacrifice growth" Peruvian President Alan Garcia refer Brazil. And debtor creditor prepare annual meeting Inter-American Development Bank Miami week region's debt crisis clearly come head. Around 200 billion dlrs commercial bank debt reschedule 1983 rate margin below pct multi-year accord norm financial crash sight last solution seem nearer. Virtually Latin American leader back Brazil's suspension payment 68 billion dlrs private bank debt month prospect chain default remote. Mexico Colombia Argentina reject action Mexican finance minister Gustavo Petricioli merely "Brazil have problem sure temporary." But Brazil's action impact debt negotiation speed agreement Chile Venezuela month influence current talk Argentina. Pressure solution built front Philippines join Brazil seek relief Ecuador announce force majeure debt payment follow serious earthquake. Private bank increasingly urge renew lending accept innovative repayment scheme debtor official agency step credit flow U.S.-inspired plan. One Latin American debt official Brazil Ecuadorean announcement spur move debtor link debt service payment macroeconomic indicator export earnings GDP raw material prices. Despite debtor country continue accept case-by-case approach Cuba's call joint negotiate front promote Brazil defend Peru region's flag-bearer unilateral payment decisions. "Each nation negotiate debt independently accord needs" Brazilian foreign minister Ramiro de Abreu Sodre Caracas weekend. Venezuela's rapid agreement creditor soon Brazil's move see political opposition betrayal debtor solidarity de Abreu praise Venezuelan negotiator achieve favourable deal. Argentina Bolivia Costa Rica pursue normal negotiation creditor bank press hard term particularly low rate spreads. Latin American official debt negotiate case-by-case government promote framework talk base growth development priority low payment financing. "The Brazilian Ecuadorean experience show orthodox solution debt case don't work" senior Peruvian government official responsible debt affairs. He grow likelihood country follow Peru's action set 10 pct debt payment limit trade factor beyond debtors' control minimal bank lending. These factor contribute 130 billion dlr net outflow Latin America five Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson Funaro say Brazil alone paid 45 billion dlrs receive 11 billion loans. Latin American debtor feel comply bargain slash spending devalue currency cut inflation privatize enterprise introduce debt equity schemes. Brazil region's big debtor diversified economy apparently adopt principle tough position creditor avoid serious crisis on. "We negotiate debt question continuous crisis" Funaro told conference Rio de Janeiro week. billion dlr debt burden slim coffee price plunge oil price below 1985 level rate begin rise. Mexico expect pct growth instead pct project earlier inflation near 80 pct 105 pct year. Brazilian official expect growth pct eight pct 30 pct drop project trade surplus independent estimate inflation 200 pct. Political economic analyst Brazil believe payment suspension impetus tackle regional crisis expect protract negotiation view echoed senior international bank officials. Some bank include Citibank Morgan Guaranty Bank America already prepare downgrade Brazil loans. Brazil's refusal accept IMF condition bank lending meanwhile reflect view Latin American government equate Fund recession. But Brazil Venezuela country region reschedule debt IMF program. REUTER 