The British government revoke licence select Japanese bank security company operating London's financial City renewal summer progress towards opening Japan's market foreign competition government source said. "We can't "yes (revoke licences)" definitely considered" official said. His comment government formally urge cross-section influential MPs joint retaliatory action United States Japan. Britain grown increasingly impatient Japanese trade practices. "There's urgency emphasis secure - undermine - interest Japan" government official told Reuters. Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher Thursday Britain hesitate power contain Financial Services Act 1986 Banking Bill retaliate country offer reciprocal market access. She clearly Japan government source said. The U.K. Last show trade defict Japan 3.7 billion stg official figure show. A parliamentary motion sign 98 MPs urge U.K. Government "coordinate action President United States Department Trade Industry suspend far application Japanese communication company equipment approval British Approvals Board Telecommunications far application Japanese financial institution licences" authority Japan stop impose MPs call "restrictive conditions" bid (Cable Wireless PLC) (cawl.L) U.S. And Japanese partner stake Japan's international telecommunication market. The motion retaliatory step cross-section MPs reflect strength feel inside Parliament. Parliamentarians action increase pressure Conservative government firm action. Officials option consider U.K. Is refuse issue banking licence Japanese institutions. That government's propose Banking Bill move parliament. 58 Japanese financial institution authorise deal London 29 banks. In Tokyo 14 London-based firm authorise financial official said. The financial service banking act offer Britain alternative retaliation otherwise deny legally-binding international trade agreements. "The Financial Services Act give (Trade Industry Secretary Paul) Channon stop firm engage investment banking insurance" official said. "This Japanese official level times" official added. Britain France work together urge European Community collective action Japan work EC treaty official said. British Trade Minister Alan Clark week radio interview European Community build barrier Japanese import certification procedure similar face European exporter Japan. "There come cannot resist longer" add "(such barriers) can't overnight." Clark issue reciprocity regard visible trade "strikes basis whether British industry fair access extremely market (Japan) dominant position (in) aspect domestic market ... It really question fairness." The situation likely worsen follow news Japan's trade surplus rest rise 70 pct February year-on-year 8.14 billion dlrs 5.7 billion January political source said. But Clark interview issue visible trade access financial market kept separate. Should Britain decide act Japanese financial institution likely focus small large one minimise risk role global centre government source said. Japan's large security house London Stock Exchange. In Washington White House official President Reagan ready impose retaliatory trade action Japan break semiconductor agreement United States. There immediate indication Reagan act recommendation Economic Policy Council curb Japanese export United States official move week. Trade source action weigh Reagan include tariff wide variety Japanese export semiconductors. REUTER 