The International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) buffer stock uphill battle halt downtrend cocoa price begin buying operation week cocoa trader said. Traders believe buffer stock purchase reach 75000 tonne matter week lift price significantly amount surplus cocoa overhang market. The buffer stock begin buying shortly ICCO 10 average indicator price 1578.03 Special Drawing Rights (SDR) tonne below 1600 "must buy" level. Rules govern buffer stock operation agree month ICCO council. Buying begin buffer stock manager complete preparation trader said. Some trader buffer stock manager delay buffer stock buying mid end-April change month calculate ICCO indicator lift 10 average above 1600 SDR "must buy" level. The ICCO indicator price calculate average third fourth position London New York future markets. The daily price 1577.61 SDR tonne yesterday. Months currently indicator May July September change July September December April 15 prior May become New York spot month trader noted. The introduction December calculation lift daily SDR price December currently quote 75 stg above May London terminal market. But buffer stock manager wait high daily price feed 10-day average indicator governs activity trader said. "The buffer stock manager obviously look implication delay forward price lift indicator mean buy cocoa" analyst lead cocoa trade said. Traders buffer stock purchase reach 75000 tonne fairly quickly buying starts. If purchase reach level six month buying suspend pending ICCO council review price ranges. But cocoa market watcher buffer stock benefit recent forecast poor Brazilian Bahia temporao crop 1.5 mln mln 60 kilo bag initial expectation mln. A low expect Brazilian crop cut 1986/87 surplus 50000 70000 tonne compare recent forecast ICCO statistic committee 94000 tonne trader said. In circumstance buffer stock buy 20000 30000 tonne lift price above "must buy" level. But dealer ICCO buffer stock rule constraint quickly effectively buffer stock manager remove cocoa market. The buffer stock price differential accord quality 15 pct limit purchase non-members limit buffer stock's scope action dealer said. Most cocoa readily available buffer stock nearby in-store material Malaysian Ivory Coast origin. But buffer stock buy 15 pct Malaysian cocoa Malaysia ICCO member purchase nearby cocoa reach 40 pct force buffer stock buy intermediate forward shipment material. Limits buffer stock purchase nearby non-member cocoa reduce impact terminal price pressure overhang Malaysian material trader said. Buffer stock purchase forward shipment cocoa quality producer Ghana limited impact future likely widen physical market premium cocoa futures. Ghana's premium terminal risen 50 stg 25 30 stg month ago partly anticipation buffer stock buying dealer said. "The buffer stock terminal market provide backstop quality cocoas" trader said. Traders caution view impact buffer stock "all prognostication" hope predict accurately result be. Psychologically buffer stock buying price buffer stock already hold carryover 100000 tonne previous cocoa agreement market surplus dealer express doubt purchase counter bearish pressure. In June ICCO due discus rule withholding scheme additional market support mechanism. REUTER 