The United States' emphasis foreign trade deficit misplace country's real lie federal budget deficit General Agreeement Tariffs Trade (GATT) said. By stress record trade deficit 169.8 billion dlrs U.S. Was fuel protectionist pressure threatens trading annual report. The fundamental size U.S. Federal budget deficit remedied cut government spending encourage personal saving finance debt said. GATT predict trade grow 2.5 pct 1987 -- full percentage low previous years. GATT expert urge Washington resist protectionism instead seek macroeconomic change reduce current account payment deficit -- high private saving low investment small federal budget deficit. Raising U.S. Trade barrier "would result little reduction current account deficit. It increase inflation reduce trade" said. "The basic cause -- combination insufficient domestic saving excessive budget deficit -- remain" report said. GATT economist trade expansion slow slow growth forecast Japan West European nation adjust production workforce low dollar risk high U.S. Inflation concern Third World debt management loom protectionism. The report imbalance current account Japan West Germany U.S. Had increase 1986. The likely explanation exchange rate change back change macroeconomic policy added. "Thus prediction imbalance reduce result major realignment exchange rate borne year" report said. GATT warn risk sizeable increase U.S. Inflation rate combine impact rapidly expand money supply low dollar. "Such development worsen climate increase uncertainty push rate turn adversely affect trade." But report note surprising rise import United States despite dollar's depreciation make foreign product expensive. It suggest resource idle U.S. Both human underutilised factory gear produce good service sought abroad. World trade manufacture grow pct 1986 half rate previous year. Trade agricultural good expand pct continue stagnant pattern sector decade GATT said. Developing countries' export decline significantly import increase moderately full statistic available yet GATT said. The combine export earnings 16 major indebted nation sharply low five (Chile Colombia Philippines South Korea Thailand) high exports. REUTER 