Prospects economic growth remain sluggish coordinate action western government urgently need restore confidence stabilize currency encourage investment Organization Economic Cooperation Development (OECD) here. "The economic situation deteriorate recent month ... Slow growth unemployment payment imbalance likely persist" gloomiest review economy recent years. The gross product (GNP) 24-nation bloc western industrialise country forecast grow 2.25 pct slow year's 2.5 pct growth rate. "We aggregate OECD comfortably exceed pct" David Henderson OECD's economics statistic department said. The OECD dollar fall lead rise inflation expectation high rate U.S. Combining trade imbalance huge third debt increase risk economic downturn. "At condition faster growth remain favorable" cite low inflation major country healthy corporate finance generally low rate improvement budget position flexible labor markets. But private sector confidence undermined uncertainty exchange rate warn "for confidence restore government swiftly implement internationally-agreed commitments." This clear reference February's Louvre accord Group Five nation plus Canada analyst said. The OECD apparent disagreement major country implementation Louvre accord help undermine confidence call active fiscal policy U.S. West Germany Japan slow demand U.S. And raise countries. Henderson 6000 billion yen package announce recently Japanese government encourage work cut tax significant contribution process estimate precise impact. He measure strengthen Japan's domestic demand significantly quite possibly exceed pct GNP. The inflation outlook broadly satisfactory worsen recent month OECD consumer price forecast rise 3.5 pct 3.75 pct 1988 2.8 pct increase 1986. There prospect significant improvement unemployment situation 18 month average rate expect stabilize 8.25 pct similar year. The OECD call effort liberalize agricultural market switch farm subsidy price guarantee measure link production towards direct income support farmers. Reuter 