Diamond Shamrock executive reduce vulnerability takeover pressure raise value company form splitting Diamond Shamrock. "If price value company vulnerable takeover pressure" Charles Blackburn Diamond Shamrock's president soon chief executive officer exploration produce company whose name yet decided. He visit New York talk investors. After successfully counter takeover bid launch T. Boone pickens January Diamond Shamrock spinoff refining marketing operation Diamond Shamrock Refining Marketing Co April 30 annual meeting. Blackburn told Reuters "Our advisor told split share value investor market multiple pure refining marketing exploration production plays." The company process organize themselves "pure plays" executive said. Blackburn company pure exploration production operation look divest non-oil gas operation particularly Diamond Shamrock's coal operations. Blackburn "we talk coal operation I cannot discus far time." He company debt-to-capital ratio 38 pct paid time. Blackburn company seek generate far internal saving rationalize operation personnel reductions. He goal 73 mln dlrs internal saving "we 20 mln dlrs saving 1987" Blackburn said. "I describe saving come eliminate non-essential activity purify exploration production business." "There associate activity matter cut trim wholesale changes" Blackburn said. Blackburn intend run tight ship dividend initially paid resultant saving invest exploration production. "Our goal 20 mln barrel U.S. replace production I level intend spend" Blackburn said. "It difficult oil oil internationally levels" added. Blackburn company spend 75 mln dlrs North America 90 mln dlrs overseas mainly Indonesia search oil gas reserves. In 1986 Diamond Shamrock produce 82473 mln barrel oil 83 pct Indonesia gas output 265.6 mln cubic foot 98 pct U.S. Blackburn believe oil replace production low cost 4.97 dlrs barrel worldwide 3.88 dlrs barrel U.S.. Blackburn company willing buy reserve "if produce property price". Blackburn estimate oil price average 18 dlrs barrel average price receive natural gas 1.57 dlrs thousand cubic feet. Blackburn currently estimate thee price product company cash flow 280 mln dlrs. "This mean net negative cash flow pretty spend cash flow oil gas." Blackburn company search oil gas "almost exclusively estasblished basins". Roger Hemminghaus chairman Diamond Shamrock Refining Marketing Co sale approximately 1.6 billion dlrs told Reuters company take debt. "We take 400 mln dlrs debt tier financing emphasize revolve loan term loan unsecured private placement latter stage signing agreement." Chemical New York Corp CHL> company's lead banker loan Hemminghaus said. That debt company 60 pct debt-to- capital-ratio Hemminghaus "is much. To alleviate hold capital expenditure pay debt ratio reduce mid 40 pct range." Hemminghhaus cash flow "plus minus 100 mln dlrs earnings depreciation." In term major project Hemminghaus capital expenditure 35 mln dlrs 50 mln dlrs spread company's projects. Its major project upgrade project McKee reinery Panhandle 90000 bpd rat capacity. The company refinery south San Antonio headquarter capacity 35000 bpd. Reuter 