U.S. crude oil price rise above 18 dlrs barrel week industry analyst price rise dollar inventory fall. "OPEC keep production cash market tight supply crude short transportation major refining centers" Daniel McKinley oil analyst Smith Barney Harris Upham Co. "That send price 50 ct dollar higher" added. The U.S. benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate rise 18.15 dlrs barrel rise 1.50 dlrs week. The rally oil price week price fell February dlrs 18.25 dlrs barrel. "Oil trader pull price assumption oil stock building OPEC produce above 15.8 mln bpd quota assumption question" McKinley said. Yesterday International Energy Agency monthly report oil stock OECD industrialize nation drawn 1.3 mln bpd quarter year. IEA estimate draw oil stock quarter largely oil company whose inventory level April estimate 326 mln tonne 74 day consumption. Industry analyst estimate 3.5 mln bpd draw stock Shell Chairman Peter Holmes yesterday fed speculation major company destocking. Traders destocking result so-called buyer strike kept refiner buying officially price OPEC oil effort organization offer discount official price. "This struggle company OPEC ultimate game chicken resolve relatively soon. I imagine middle month (March)" trading manager international oil company told Reuters telephone interview. For OPEC move win game cut excess supply market reduction output trader said. A Reuter survey estimate OPEC output 14.7 mln bpd week. Also earthquake Ecuador yesterday lead suspend oil export indefintiely force majeure shipments. "This reduce short-haul availability 250000 bpd immediately longer suspension continue large draw stock company expect there" McKinley said. International oil trader short-haul crude North Sea Brent scarce Asian refiner bought oil absorb lot readily available Mideast crude earlier week. If pattern continue oil company bid price oil purchase refinery trading manager company told Reuters. But skeptic wonder OPEC retain unity buyer resistance continues. Stephen Hanke chief economist Friedburg Commodity Management OPEC production low "because Saudi cut (to 3.1 mln bpd) spell trouble give incentive exceed quotas." He add "The Saudis pick tab produce quota drain Saudis continue force cut output maybe low 2.5 mln bpd support 18 dlrs average price" added. There sign OPEC crude sell spot market below OPEC official price trader said. Oil trader Nigerian Brass River sell delivery U.S. Gulf price related North Sea brent trade week 17.60 dlrs below official price 18.92 dlrs similar quality Bonny Light. Iranian oil surface U.S. Gulf Far East report discount 17.50 dlrs official price. "There lot oil price government-to-government deal below official price probably resold" international trader said. Reuter 