The U.K. Government hope breakthrough deadlock Japan trade policy week's visit Tokyo Corporate Affairs Minister Michael Howard political source said. Howard leaf Japan tomorrow told Reuters try promote understand trade issue visit. Meanwhile Britain re-examine letter Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone promising personal solve row U.K. Firm's bid win significant role Japan's telecommunication market government source said. Tensions risen follow Britain's decision arm statutory power say Japanese financial institutions. Britain react optimistically letter Nakasone Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher see signal towards ensure satisfactory outcome bid launch Cable Wireless Plc CAWL.L> government official said. But view cloud report Tokyo Nakasone's assurance really constitute little politeness British anger added. Howard trip push big role Japan's telecommunication industry Cable Wireless Plc. The U.K. Government issue test Japan's willingness market adequately outside competition. Asked whether letter Nakasone rejection attempt Britain achieve Howard "I be sure correct regard Mr Nakasone's letter rejection Mrs Thatcher's request - say take personal problem. "I don't understand close all." Howard add Tokyo visit "talking (the letter) find exactly mean make plain serious view access Japanese market free allow access market be." He note Financial Services Act Britain revoke deny licence Japanese banking insurance institution London U.K. Firms fail receive similar treatment financial market Japan soon. "I hope won't I don't will" Howard added. During trip Howard meet official Tokyo Stock Exchange Ministry Finance Trade Ministry Posts Telecommunications Minister Shunjiro Karasawa. Karasawa regard behind opposition significant role Cable Wireless Japanese telecommunication industry. Share price London Stock Exchange undermined fear U.K./Japanese trade war. This despite denial Trade Industry Secretary Paul Channon Britain verge trade war. He told meeting insurance broker Britain believe "sensible solution" found Japanese market British goods. Government official pain deny Britain deadline week Japan promise similar access financial market U.K.-based financial firm enjoy London equivalent Japanese firms. They Department Trade Industry official yesterday measure Japanese financial institution impose necessarily constitute deadline. Experts believe Britain lose act Japanese bank insurance investment institutions. But despite danger Japanese firm take trade elsewhere Europe Howard expect move backfire. He radio interview "it true benefit presence - lose advantages. And I be sure make view plain Japanese government matter." Howard visit South Korea return London April 11 trip Tokyo plan current trade row. Howard talk Japanese official include way jointly combat financial fraud global market Japanese officials. This cooperation regulatory bodies. He memorandum understand exchange information combat financial fraud sought Japan term similar sign autumn Britain United States. REUTER 