The economy face lackluster growth risk recession recent improvement U.S. export falter economist say. Growth slow sharply month due weakness key housing auto sector far hamper unless consumer spending pick say. "These factor raise question: Is strength keep economy tip recession?" Lyle Gramley chief economist Mortgage Bankers Association former Federal Reserve Board official. The Commerce Department week economy grow robust 4.8 pct annual rate quarter U.S. monetary official call weak report. Housing start fell 2.7 pct May consumer spending rise weak 0.1 cent. "Our large visible industry -- auto housing -- falter export pick slack " Martin Mauro senior economist Merrill Lynch Economics told Reuters. Gramley worried consumer spending slow inflation rise faster real wages. To offset U.S. export continue rise return job manufacturing sector boost personal income consumption says. "I expect improvement real net export keep recession happen close call" Gramley said. Federal Reserve Board Governor Martha Seger told reporter apparent strength 4.8 pct growth figure result temporary buildup inventory recovery show anemia. Seger recovery stumble "The pace economy lack robustness factor monetary policy" - possibly signal Fed accommodative. Most economist predict growth slow 3 pct forecast Reagan administration 1987 warn dollar drop suddenly high inflation result add risk recession. Mauro 0.5 pct rise industrial production May despite cutback output auto industry inventory overhang exists. He say boost production small industry paper chemical lumber improve sale overseas due drop dollar. "They surge economic activity I keep recession" Mauro said. In speech financial planner week Beryl Sprinkel chief White House economic adviser predict trade deficit continue improve. "Prospects continued economic growth 1987 1988 quite favorable" said. But private economist raise concern resurgence inflation. Allen Sinai chief economist Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. told Congress week inflation rise 4.5 five pct stay level 1989 1.1 pct increase 1986. The rise come sharply low dollar high oil energy price rise price service said. "The lesson history inflation genie get bottle continue persist" add Fed tighten credit. A major factor affect inflation value dollar continue fall feed inflation say prominent international banker. Rainer Gut chairman Credit Suisse told National Press Club dollar's downward trend yen mark continue United States world's large debtor nation. The Swiss banker economic indicator far slacken activity call naive belief five-year boom equity market forever. "It difficult optimistic" Gut said. Reuter 