West Germany's banking authority drawn currency scandal surround Volkswagen AG VOWG.F> repercussion allegation financial community widen banking source said. The Bundesbank second currency expert prosecutor investigate currency fraud Volkswagen VW Brunswick Bundesbank spokesman said. The Federal Banking Supervisory Office West Berlin consider press allegation bank "parked" position VW breaching banking regulations. Earlier month Volkswagen incur potential loss 480 mln mark allege fraud involve hedge currency positions. The foreign exchange activity non-bank corporation normally attract attention West German banking regulators. Their strict foreign exchange rule Herstatt banking crash 1974 apply banks. "This strict banking supervision aim protect special interest -- creditor depositors" Bundesbank spokesman add company shareholder covered. "The Volkswagen involves Volkswagen's normal foreign exchange lie outside Bundesbank" said. The Bundesbank's decision send currency expert Brunswick investigation activity involve Volkswagen's foreign exchange deal normal assistance render authority another. The expert count prosecutor's staff report Bundesbank said. But Bundesbank closely involve allegation bank VW circumvent regulations. Section 1a Banking Law require bank close hold 30 pct capital reserve positions. The section introduce Herstatt bank crash 1974 due currency speculation. The Platow Brief financial newsletter Friday 16 bank mainly foreign circumvent section 1a "parking" excess position VW. This mean bank concerned sell position temporarily VW buying later. However repurchase agreement expressly include section 1a counting positions. A spokesman Federal Banking Supervisory Office West Berlin follow allegation investigation difficult 16 bank named. He decline step taken. But banking source Supervisory Office initial step approach Platow Brief identity bank refused. The Platow Brief decline comment. If Supervisory Office ascertains banking regulation infringe pursue assistance Bundesbank. The Office subordinate Finance Ministry branch outside Berlin. The independent Bundesbank operates 203 branch West Germany closely monitoring local banks. Banks deposit statistic include currency position data month Bundesbank's regional administration federal level Landeszentralbanken (LZBs). Currency dealer parking excess position non-banking corporates frequent practice. Such position sell tomorrow/next delivery verbal agreement buy rate. A VW spokesman company policy undertake currency hedge confirm arbitrage allowed. He decline estimate volume currency arbitraging. German press report 80 billion mark year. The spokesman decline comment carry fraud involve currency hedge company's policy conduct business. VW finance director Rolf Selowsky accepted responsibility resigned. VW suspend six official fire former foreign exchange chief Burkhard "Bobby" Junger. Management board chief Carl Hahn told ceremony mark VW's 50 millionth vehicle personnel change mean involve guilty. REUTER 