Brazil happy exist structure 14-bank advisory committee coordinate commercial bank debt Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said. U.S. Banks 50 pct representation committee hold 35 pct Brazil's debt bank add "This fair European Japanese banks." The committee played useful role 1982 1983 however. Noting reaction U.S. Japanese European bank Funaro told journalist Brazil adopt approach involve separate discussion regions. Since debtor nations' problem normally treat case-by-case basis "Perhaps principle apply creditors" central bank president Francisco Gros said. Brazil February 20 suspend indefinitely payment 68 billion dlrs owe commercial bank follow week freeze bank trade credit line deposit foreign bank institution worth 15 billion dlrs. Funaro Gros spent day week Washington talk government official international agency week visit Britain France West Germany Switzerland Italy discussion governments. Funaro Gros meeting British Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson Foreign Secretary Geoffrey Howe Governor Bank England Robin Leigh-Pemberton. Bankers estimate Brazil owes U.K. Banks 8.5 billion dlrs medium term loan give U.K. The third large exposure U.S. And Japan. The crisis Brazil's trade surplus chief mean service foreign debt start decline sharply compound renew surge country'sate inflation. Reserves report drop below billion dlrs. Funaro envisage eventual solution problem Brazil's 108 billion dlr foreign debt involve partial service debt. "What propose arrive mechanism refinance service cannot service that" said. "I really change rules." Asked Brazil approach government commercial bank themselves search solution crisis Funaro "We talk government talk bank bank limits." "It political discussion view" said. Funaro hop week travel talk Japanese Canadian government officials. He talk commercial bank "If I've solution governments. I can't burden banks." He sure reach solution.  In discussion government Brazil review mechanism whereby finance available nation need. Finance official lending agency virtually close 1982. "You mechanisms" said. He U.S. Officials disturbed Brazil's suspension payment understood Brazil choice protect reserves. Also financing mechanism discuss "because can't stay years." "I'm try table.... All equilibrium." said. Although Brazil reject substantive role International Monetary Fund (IMF) manage economy Funaro paid call Washington IMF Managing Director Michel Camdessus World Bank President Barber Conable. Funaro note inflation February start decline expect Brazil achieve minimum eight billion dlr trade surplus 1987. Banking source note Brazil's monthly surplus decline 150 mln dlrs final month monthly billion nine months. Brazil third large trade surplus Funaro share international trade pct. "The solution link growth recession" note IMF involve promote export induce internal recession service debt. Banking source Brazil's debt foreign government oppose commercial bank benefit sounder structure follow month's reschedule Paris Club creditor nation 4.12 billion dlrs official debt. REUTER 