Today's modest half-point cut U.K. Bank base lending rate 10 pct signal Bank England's determination maintain cautious monetary stance financial market appear force analyst said. They far half-point cut base rate 9-1/2 pct bound occur week rate shed far half soon market remain buoyant. Earlier market bracing one-point cut rate yesterday's budget sharp billion stg reduction 1987 government borrowing target billion stg. Sterling money market rate move low key three-month interbank rate 9-5/8 1/2 pct start 9-11/16 9/16 yesterday sterling rally four-year high dollar active trading. Government bond price surge budget gain excess push yield long-term paper below nine pct nearly year. But today's small expect rate cut appear placate market analyst said. Money market rate recover 1/4 earlier low sterling gilt high trading ground near halt. Analysts slowdown likely temporary reappraisal sterling asset international investor resume tomorrow lead high gilt price exchange rate advance low money market rates. "Today's cut slightly disappointing" Bill Martin chief U.K. Economist stockbroker Phillips Drew. "The Bank England take cautious line ... To temper markets' rush blood budget." Analysts bank's move lend two-week cash U.K. Discount house low 10 pct suggest hop maintain rate period time. The analyst agree success depend largely sterling performs near term. Sharp rise pound's value checked initially Bank England intervention eventually gain force bank cut rate rate again. "The market seem accepted modest cut being" Midland Bank treasury economist David Simmonds. "But I be sceptical bank able hold rate long." Simmonds sterling rise U.S. Cents week 1.60 dlrs force rate cut Friday. Robin Marshall chief economist Chase Manhattan Securities "There half near term week week latest...We base rate weeks." Analysts stress apart prestige Britain little gain sharp rise sterling's exchange rate. Martin Phillips Drew dampen effect sterling rise consumer price inflation materialise nine month hamper impact manufacture export show immediately. Analysts budget feature income tax cut cautious plan finance improve chance re-election Conservative government probably advanced election date. One held June 1988. Combined overall prospect U.K. Economy likely fuel foreign rush sterling-denominated asset push pound's value above unofficial targets. With mark-denominated investment largely favour low yield dull economic outlook Chase's Marshall "Sterling simply game town especially budget demand remain strong." REUTER 