U.S. banking data release distort draw sweep conclusion monetary policy support market's assumption Federal Reserve start tighten grip credit economist said. "It's clear Fed firm somewhat. Discount window borrowing net free reserve Fed fund rate average pattern reserve addition consistent modest tightening" Dana Johnson First Chicago Corp. Johnson economist estimate Fed fund rate trade 6-1/4 6-3/8 pct. Discount window borrowing week Wednesday 935 mln dlrs produce daily average two-week statement period 689 mln dlrs high week December 31 1986 393 mln dlrs previously. Moreover bank force borrow huge 5.2 billion dlrs Fed Wednesday - high daily total - unexpectedly low Treasury balance Fed left bank billion dlrs reserve Fed anticipated. However economist Fed aim low discount window borrowing witness week. They point factor force bank scramble reserve week. First economist expect M-1 money supply week end April 29 rise stagger 15 20 billion dlrs partly reflect parking check account proceeds stock market sale mutual fund redemption pay annual income taxes. As banks' checking-account liability rise reserve require hold deposit Fed. Required reserve indeed rise sharply 2.5 billion dlrs week end Wednesday economist Fed believe magnitude project M-1 surge late week start add reserve late. Second apparent shortage Treasury bill apparently left Wall Street dealer little collateral enagage repurchase agreement Fed economist said. Thus 10.3 billion dlrs repos outstanding Wednesday Fed want add reserve prevent do so. "It's inconceivable Fed didn't add want shortage collateral" Ward McCarthy Merrill Lynch Economics Inc. McCarthy estimate Fed targetting discount-window borrowing 400 mln dlrs equivalent Fed fund rate 6-3/8 pct. After cite reason Fed probably tighten credit degree suggest data economist Fed delayed arrange overnight injection reserve statement period sign restrictive policy. Jeffrey Leeds Chemical Bank convince Fed tighten policy. But review today's figure "It's fair Fed move slightly accommodative reserve posture." Leeds expect Fed fund trade 6-1/4 6-3/8 pct Fed unlikely raise discount rate unless dollar's fall gather pace. Johnson First Chicago agree cite political opposition Washington dollar-defense package Congress see far dollar depreciation key reduce U.S. trade surplus Japan. Reuter 