Basic reform Japan's protect farm sector key shift economy export domestic-led growth vital step trim trade surplus security analyst said. The farm sector protect import tariff quota propped subsidy price support shelter tax ample change said. "In economic term reform plus" Christopher Chew brokerage firm James Capel Co. The ultimate cost exist food price twice Europe time U.S. The analyst said. Spending food account quarter average household's budget roughly 10 pct gross product (GNP) accord study Chew. Reducing price increase household spending five pct study said. The money spent product direct impact boost domestic growth added. "There's lot slack" U.S. Government official Tokyo said. "All money spent else." Direct central government subsidy farm sector amount five billion dlrs year. Independent estimate total subsidy source 37 billion analyst money wasted. Changing tax law encourage city resident farm weekend land sale residential development boost domestic spending economist said. "Housing construction key strategic variable expansion domestic demand" write Chihiro Nakajima professor Kyoto Gakuen University. Japanese group call stag farm reform shift burden trade friction economic restructuring manufacturing sector onto farm sector. Employers group change. "If really expand domestic demand raise wage recklessly reduce commodity prices" Bumpei Otsuki President Japan Federation Employers' Associations told recent press conference. External pressure rise U.S. And Europe seek removal tariff quota reduce trade deficit Japan. But vested Japanese interest oppose change remain entrench dim prospect quick reform analyst said. Although full-time farm population fall sign LDP pay attention urban constituency ruling party remains heavily dependent farm vote rural areas. One rural vote worth city vote due pattern constituency borders. The LDP already political trouble tax reform plan raise sticky issue soon analyst said. Consumer group politically weak tend accept traditional view high price fee pay food security said. Powerful agricultural cooperative fiercely oppose import liberalisation flexible reform aim step productivity said. Reform come response specific pressure all-embracing Chew. REUTER 