Monday's stock market collapse spell disaster Republican hope retain White House 1988 -- prof start economic downturn -- political expert said. "The question stock market (decline) signal impend recession. If Republicans difficult winning" independent political analyst William Schneider told Reuters. "If Democrats nominate anyone halfway credible win" added. Schneider's comment heel 500-point decline bellwheter Dow Jones stock market average reflect political adage election decide voters' feeling financial being. "There doubt vote pocketbook don't expect 1988 different" say Donald Foley top spokesman Missouri Representative Richard Gephardt's Democratic presidential campaign. Foley add five-year stock market rally show amaze resilience "there's tell market week." President Reagan puzzle day's event convince economy fundamentally sound. "I everyone puzzle ... index up. There wrong economy" told reporters. "I don't anyone panic economic indicator solid" added. But decline Wall Street knock underpinnings boast record bull market demonstrates wisdom current economic policy. It deprive Republicans major argument keep White House hand President Reagan leaf office January 1989. It give hollow ring word Vice President George Bush week ago formally enter White House race. "We weather storm. Our economy recover strong history" Bush reference recovery 1981-82 recession push unemployment high level Great Depression 1930s. "We mark week long peacetime economic expansion nation's record history" Bush bragged. At midday Wall Street batter record sell panic Reagan give glow account economy's performance swear ceremony Commerce Secretary William Verity. Indeed Labor Department report earlier month unemployment American worker fall eight-year low 5.9 pct September compare seven pct ago Post World War Two peak 10.7 pct December 1982. But rate climb steadily improvement record U.S. trade deficit rest economic expert express doubt stay current expansion. Warnings economic danger corner staple Democratic campaign speech year. And Democratic party leader organizational meeting week ago predict economy determine factor year's election. "The 1988 election decide peacetime election economic issues" Michigan party chairman Richard Weiner. "In Ohio uneasy. They economy going" add Ohio Democratic leader James Ruvulo. American political history replete example voter throw incumbent officeholder economy turn sour -- notably 1932 Democrat Franklin Roosevelt won landslide triumph end 12 Republican rule Democrats nation's majority party 40 years. But political expert Monday's stock decline turn temporary phenomenon effect 1988 election. "Times change condition change" Schneider said. Quoting legendary baseball manager Casey Stengel Schneider add "Never prediction especially future." Reuter 