The European Monetary System mark eighth anniversary vulnerable turmoil money market despite create island currency rate stability Europe economist say. But economist hold eight European Community currency narrow fluctuation band remains infancy. Its currency European Currency Unit (Ecu) runaway success investor borrower alike seek alternative volatile dollar. And Wednesday term vision Ecu Europe's common currency step nearer become reality Belgium mint world's Ecu coin. But economist West Germany block stage development envisage system's found father ex-West German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt former French President Valery Giscard d'Estaing. Under phase originally due start EMS decision-making transfer government central bank autonomous European Monetary Fund. But jealously guard sovereignty economic monetary matters. "The basic EMS government prepared quantum leap situation decision take common" economist closely watch system's development. The result EC divide policy third currency accentuate economist system's great weakness vulnerability weak dollar. Over past 18 month U.S. Dollar plunge investor move strong currency result sharp rise West German mark severely strain system. MORE As mark soar dollar rise EMS currency favour international investors. And West Germany refuse pressure EC partner United States cut rate slow mark's rise EMS realign twice ease financial trade strain community. Two month ago mark Dutch guilder revalue pct Belgian Luxembourg franc pct currency -- French franc Italian lira Irish punt Danish crown. Another frustration Britain's failure lend EMS political support keep pound major currency outside system. No change British government's attitude expect country's election due mid-1988. Meanwhile system's realignment 11th prompt European finance minister ask EC's highly-secretive Monetary Committee Committee Central Bank Governors suggestion reinforce it. Their idea due unveiled finance minister hold informal meeting Belgium month. But economist proposal unlikely involve tinker technical details. They sceptical chance fundamental change. "Technical measure won't protect EMS external factor dollar weakness. For step forward institutional level" Leo de Corel Kredietbank's economic research department. Economists system's fortune depend largely success agreement month major industrial nation stabilise exchange rates. If dollar resume slide EMS turbulence predict. REUTER 