U.S. corporate treasurer expect race market week propel hope recent recovery Treasury market dollar whet investors' appetities issue underwriter said. Underwriters expect price 2.3 billion dlrs debt issue week include asset-backed debt deal. "Treasurers sit sideline week wait pounce" underwriter Wall Street house. "They hit market fast pace dollar remains stable." "The financing calendar heaviest weeks" trader security firm. "And billion dollar SEC shelf market time" refer company debt filing Securities Exchange Commission. Investment banker week signal surge financings. New debt offering rise nearly 2.8 billion dlrs holiday-shortened week 2.09 billion dlrs previous week calculated. "And (last week's) issue calendar" underwriter remarked. Analysts note past month fixed-income market become virtually obsess dollar. The currency's sharp drop ignite fear foreign investor shun dollar-denominated debt vehicles. Also participant believe inflation gather momentum dollar's fall. Inflation enemy fixed-rate investment analyst explained. But dollar's recovery week calm worry Treasury corporate bond market foreign investor demand inflation. The result decline yield bring company treasurer market trader said. Underwriters slat bid competitively tomorrow 250 mln dlrs mortgage bond due 2017 Georgia Power Co unit Southern Co SO>. The issue rat Baa-1 Moody's Investors BBB-plus Standard Poor's. This Georgia Power's bond issue U.S. August 1986 sell 250 mln dlrs same-rated same-maturity 10 pct bond yield 250 basis point comparable Treasury securities. Tomorrow competitive. Syndicates bid 100 mln dlrs 30-year bond rat A-1/A-plus Virginia Electric Power Co unit Dominion Resources Inc D>. Virginia Electric visit domestic debt market October 1986 utility issue 100 mln dlrs same-rated same-maturity 9-1/4 pct bonds. The bond price yield 9.27 pct 141 basis point Treasuries. The big investment grade deal tentatively schedule pricing week 600 mln dlrs security due 1992 back automobile loan receivables Marine Midland Banks MM>. Salomon Brothers Inc syndicate. The Marine Midland issue follow week's offering 230 mln dlrs car loan back debt RepublicBank Dallas NA unit RepublicBank Corp RPT> underwriter noted. Goldman Sachs Co lead RepublicBank deal. First Boston Corp Salomon Brothers active underwriter asset-backed security co-managers. First Boston dominate asset-backed market introduce concept sell security March 1985. It command 86.1 pct share 12.5 billion dlr market accord figure tabluated First Boston. Salomon Brothers market share 8.8 pct follow Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc's share 3.5 pct market. Goldman Sachs 1.6 pct market share calculate RepublicBank Dallas deal. Indeed investment banker bank frequent issuer asset-backed security year. The finance arm U.S. automaker account bulk year's offering General Motors Corp's GM> General Motors Acceptance Corp take lion's share that. The Marine Midland car deal rat top-flight AAA Moody's Standard Poor's back letter credit Union Bank Switzerland. Recently Imperial Savings Loan Association San Diego file registration statement SEC cover 100 mln dlrs credit card back debt underwriter noted. Reuter 