Today's sharp sell-off Swiss stock match fall Europe overdone mood financial market precarious Swiss security analyst economist said. Panic sell Swiss share six pct opening enormous volume trigger slide Wall Street threat renew currency instability. "I experienced anything I've 20 years" Bernhard Wyttenbach European research Union Bank Switzerland. The analyst blame sell-off Europe U.S. Monetary authorities. This weekend U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker publicly voiced displeasure West German monetary policy. He eight-month-old Louvre accord stabilise currency work added: "On sit watch surplus country jack rate squeeze growth expectation United States raise rates." Hans Peter Ast Societe Generale Alsacienne (Sogenal) Zurich said: "The situation dangerous. Statements U.S. Authorities fuel anxiety rates." Herbert Fritschi director Zurich Cantonal Bank's financial research department call sell-off "overdone" warn situation worsen unless central bank loosen monetary policy. "I trend high rate over" said. "The Federal Reserve Bundesbank step easy money policy else economic catastrophe. They act quickly." Wyttenbach "Black Monday" sell-off clearly exaggerated Swiss Reinsurance Co participation certificate fall 20 pct value point. But Wyttenbach believe correction soon. First bad news reach investor tomorrow's market small sell wave. "As soon dollar stabilises -- that's key -- we'll strong movement upward" Wyttenbach said. But soon. "People simply worried America market fall 18 pct August bull market over" said. "People afraid we'll recession 1988." Baker wrong blame West Germans current problem weak dollar Wyttenbach said. "We mark dollar problem" add big culprit chairman U.S. Federal Reserve Board Alan Greenspan. Wyttenbach recall Greenspan suggest dollar medium term rate rise. "As central banker shouldn't that" Wyttenbach said. "There danger fall 1970s" said. "We real crisis confidence Greenspan. I Volcker." Paul Volcker retire Fed chairman August 11. Cantonal Bank's Fritschi said: "I'm relatively optimistic situation look bad. The Fed certainly intervene." He expect Swiss National Bank significant step add focus attention remains United States. "The panic start New York there." The Cantonal Bank sent advisory customer suggest sell panicked market wait decide do. REUTER 