Schlumberger Ltd's SLB.N> decision agreement principle Fujitsu Ltd ITSU.T> buy 80 pct Fairchild Semiconductor Corp> political furore surround propose sale Japanese company cautious effort acquire U.S. High technology firm halt attempt industry analyst said. The collapse deal critical blow Fujitsu boost cost future U.S. Expansion Japanese firm analyst poll Reuters. "The acquisition Fairchild essential Fujitsu's North American operation boost" James Capel Co analyst Tom Murtha said. French-controlled Schlumberger yesterday end agreement mount political controversy U.S. Made unlikely sale Fairchild stake complete reasonable time. The sale oppose U.S. Commerce Department Defence Department partly security grounds. Fujitsu's acquisition Fairchild Japanese computer maker control comprehensive North American sale distribution access microprocessor technology Fujitsu weak analyst said. The deal Fujitsu 14 additional microchip production facility worldwide eight U.S. A report Capel firm said. "It entry port semiconductor marketing channel things" Barclays de Zoete Wedd analyst Rick May. Several analyst purchase Fujitsu access critical defence technology. "(Fairchild) simply doesn't key technology -- that's past" May said. The failure blessing disguise Fujitsu spend hundred million dollar modernise Fairchild's production line Capel's Murtha said. The failure deal doubtless encourage Japanese firm low profile attempt acquire U.S. High tech firm unlikely stop analyst said. Most analyst Fujitsu likely costly route expand production distribution facility U.S. Although estimate 200 mln dlrs aside buying Fairchild try acquire politically symbolic firm. "It slow pace Japanese acquisition necessity expand production design capacity America remains" Capel's Murtha. "The Japanese continue shop bargain harder one politically acceptable." Japanese firm likely favour joint venture small equity stake firm avoid political backlash block Fairchild sale analyst said. "They're slow they're buy small piece ... Because political risk" Barclays de Zoete's May. Several Japanese firm already take 10 30 pct share small U.S. High technology firm super minicomputer maker said. Opposition sort block Fujitsu harm U.S. Firms undermine trend multinational tie-up analyst said. "This really benefit U.S. Firms either" Jardine Fleming (Securities) Ltd analyst Nick Edwards. "The pool resource semiconductor positive move -- government step prevent it?" Japan's Minister International Trade Industry Hajime Tamura told press conference interference U.S. Government official Fairchild deal inappropriate. "This entirely private sector matter matter governments' comment" Tamura said. "I improper U.S. Government official intervene extent did" said. A spokesman told Reuters ministry's view international investment flow ought free flow increase importance line grow closeness U.S.-Japanese economic ties. REUTER 