The Reagan administration expect tough resistance Japan entrench U.S. interest hope succeed force Japan beef citrus import control April 1988 U.S. Japanese official said. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter hardline stance beef citrus talk week insist quota abandon April 1988. But stance difficult maintain Japan resist pressure fiercely U.S. supplier commodity maintain quota U.S. Japanese official told Reuters. Twice past United States negotiate Japan beef citrus import quota -- Tokyo round multilateral trade negotiation 1978 bilateral talk 1984. Each U.S. demand quota outset ultimately accepted substantial increase instead. The current agreement call increase quality beef import 58400 tonne fiscal 1987 orange 126000 tonne orange juice 8500 tonnes. Lyng repeatedly United States settle simple increase quotas. Japan plenty reform agricultural support quota scrap Lyng said. Japanese official begin informal talk beef citrus August September Hawaii source said. If U.S. intend press tough stance Japan expect reject demand issue General Agreement Tariffs Trade settlement mean prolong friction beyond April 1988 deadline U.S. official said. In interview Japanese official insist beef liberalize import regardless U.S. pressure Japanese beef industry competitive damage freer trade. Most Japanese beef production tends farm Japanese official protect cheap import quota system. Furthermore U.S. National Cattlemen's Association strongly support tough administration position U.S. meat exporter packer ambivalent. This U.S. exporter packer beef export Japan quota steady reliable manage quasi-government Japan Livestock Industry Promotion Corporation. Under quota U.S. share Japan's beef market expand expense Australia. In absence quota U.S. supplier concerned U.S. share decline export Japan riskier meat industry source said. Major U.S meat industry leader meet Washington week include cattleman processor exporter effort reach industry-wide consensus Japan. The citrus industry appear split quota issue. California's Sunkist large U.S. supplier orange Japan express reservation eliminate quotas. A representative Sunkist cooperative concerned absence quota low quality orange Israel South Africa competitive Japan. Ironically Japanese official hint fresh orange product import freed minimum impact Japanese mandarin orange production. This U.S. orange directly compete small Japanese mandarin official said. But Japan want maintain quota orange juice fear import juice taste displace Japanese mandarin orange juice said. One scenario mention U.S. Japanese official Tokyo try blunt tough administration stance offering scrap quota fresh orange return U.S. acceptance increase beef juice quotas. Lyng acknowledge liberalization beef citrus import difficult objective insist week-long tour priority U.S./Japan agriculture agenda-- rice issue receive attention. Asked ambivalence U.S. agribusiness Lyng note interest U.S. Japanese benefit quota stop administration press liberalization. And Lyng administration believe marshall support eliminate quota concern Japan's rise trade surplus. "We're come (beef citrus negotiation) strong view come Washington. The time changed. The trade balance worse" Lyng said. Reuter 