Investor Martin T. Sosnoff raise offer Caesars World Inc share 32 dlrs 28 dlrs reduce share seek 29.1 mln already owned. In newspaper advertisement Sosnoff bid MTS Acquisition Corp withdrawal right proration period expire June 19 unless extended. The offer schedule expire May 15. In late March Sosnoff receive "negligible" share response offer reject Caesars inadequate. Sosnoff already own mln Caesars' 30 mln common share outstanding 13.3 pct primary basis. Last week Caesars' board approve recapitalization plan alternative Sosnoff offer shareholder receive special dividend 25 dlrs share subject approval shareholder special meeting held June. The company plan borrow 200 mln dlrs sell 800 mln dlrs debt finance payout. Sosnoff newspaper advertisement amend offer condition receipt share majority fully dilute basis arrangement financing approval New Jersey Nevada game authorities. He tender step acquire Caesars' share successful follow merger transaction. Sosnoff statement 29.1 mln share seek together 4217675 share own 92.4 pct fully dilute basis. He receive "negligible" share response tender. In letter Caesars' chairman Henry Gluck include statement Sosnoff Gluck refuse April 8 meet willing increase price offer. Sosnoff financing offer fully place. Sosnoff PaineWebber Group Inc PWJ> deliver commitment purchase 475 mln dlrs increase dividend cumulative exchangeable prefer stock MTS Holding Corp indirect parent corporation MTS Acquisition. He Marine Midland Banks Inc MM> lead syndicate provide commitment 500 mln dlr margin facility believe able arrange far commitment margin facility advance additional 25 mln dlrs need permit purchase share offer. Sosnoff merger follow tender 2750000 Caesars share cover offer 7.6 pct fully dilute basis convert Series A prefer stock value 32 dlrs shareby independent investment baking firm. He "To extent few 29100000 sdhares purchase offer stockholder receive combination cash Series A prefer stock have value 32 dlrs share Caesars." Sosnoff believe term offer superior Caesars' recapitalization. Sosnoff meeting week game official Nevada effort expedite investigatory process require regulatory approval process already underway New Jersey. He offer extend base likely duration regulatory process. He intend far extend offer approval process complete expiration date. Reuter 