One West German bank effectively drain domestic money market liquidity month achieve high rate overnight deposit money dealer said. As result call money soar active trading Lombard rate five pct 3.70/80 pct yesterday bank found themselves short minimum reserve funds. Bundesbank figure show bank held average daily 51 billion mark interest-free minimum reserve asset central bank 29 day month. Though above March requirement 50.7 billion actual holding weekend 44.2 billion. To meet daily average dealer bank raise holding billion mark 46.3 billion tomorrow. But liquidity tight bank excessively Bundesbank's offer sale Treasury bill Friday. This provide rate 3.50 pct three-day deposit effective floor market. Though liquidity bill bought Thursday flow market bulk return tomorrow start month dealer said. Dealers bank name command short-term money requirement five billion mark so. With knowledge need month bank bought excessive amount treasury bill drain liquidity days. When bank sought fund rate rise bank able excess fund deposit considerably high average return. One senior dealer Bundesbank advanced knowledge market's need curtail sale treasury bill Friday. Though dealer late learn total minimum reserve holding previous Bundesbank immediate overview situation anticipate strength demand fund follow said. "(Bundesbank dealers) easily sell treasury bill we're sell amount" said. "If Bundesbank want finely steer market avoid excesses. Tomorrow different. Call money fall 4.0 pct so." But Bundesbank approve sharp jump rate delicate currency markets. International central bank pain prevent dollar fall major currency include mark. Dealers rise call money give mark firmer undertone contribute downward pressure dollar. "The tender policy call money pct. In excess cannot popular" senior dealer said. Dealers bank probably achieve average rate return excess fund 3.75 pct pct. This high return earn excessive drain treasury bill mechanism. Because currency situation wage negotiation Germany's major employer union Bundesbank unlikely change monetary policy council meeting Thursday said. Bundesbank figure show bank fell Lombard emergency funding facility draw 1.5 billion mark yesterday rate tighten late business. REUTER 