Chicago physician LeRoy Pesch discussion American Medical International Inc shareholder see support restructuring company. Pesch discuss sweeten 1.91 billion dlr takeover bid American Medical shareholder include big investor Bass Texas. However Bass indicate support offer said. Pesch interview Reuters base conversation held shareholder guage whether majority support. He support offer. Pesch identify shareholder whom held discussion Bass Wedge Group Inc holder five pct American Medical stock. Earlier Wedge Group 5.5 pct stake held discussion Pesch American Medical management American Medical shareholders. Wedge filing Securities Exchange Commission believe restructuring American Medical "highly desirable appropriate time." "That's sort position I segment shareholder AMI really share" Pesch. Pesch held discussion Wedge join takeover effort offering 17 dlrs cash dlrs prefer stock dlr common stock American Medical share. Wedge plan join effort seek control American Medical rule future takeover try. Pesch discus joint takeover proposal Bass family. Some analyst Wedge statement boost Pesch's takeover effort far sign shareholder dissatisfaction follow American Medical's previous rejection 20 dlr share cash offer Pesch. American Medical expect resist Pesch's late bid. Larry Feinberg analyst Dean Witter Reynolds Inc management-led leveraged buyout cannot rule out. An American Medical spokesman company comment Pesch offer March 10. Analysts continue view Bass factor outcome bid control American Medical. The Bass hold 11. 6 pct stake American Medical company previously investor support management's internal plan improve company's performance. The Bass comment American Medical Pesch. Pesch lead leveraged buyout Republic Health Corp continue credibilty Wall Street finish Republic acquisition. Republic substantial debt left wall street question whether financing complete large American Medical takeover proposal. Pesch's offer American Medical investment banking firm cause concern Wall Street. However Pesch enter offer representation Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette Securities Security Pacific Merchant Banking Group. "I don't doubt current transaction work complete provide Ami management sit talk friendly environment" Pesch said. Pesch elaborate type financing arrangement made. He succeed acquire American Medical plan keep American Medical management place. He plan combine company Republic form efficient network hospitals. Analysts believe high offer American Medical. Byron Nimocks E.F. Hutton Group improve fiscal quarter earnings American Medical stock worth 20 dlrs share. Nimocks estimate American Medical earnings quarter end February 28 35 ct compare 95 ct loss year. Nimocks Pesch's revise offer worth 20 dlrs cash offer previously. But Feinberg chance transaction complete revise structure offer. "I it's doable" said. Analysts American Medical begin turnaround replace management reduce costs. Reuter 