The United States openly attack Japan's tight-fisted fiscal policy warn Tokyo promise economic package April significant senior U.S. Officials said. In high-level talk week U.S. Criticised Japan's overall fiscal policy deflationary argue fiscal position dire says. The criticism reflect grow feel U.S. Policy-makers Japan's tight fiscal policy frustrate attempt stimulate domestic demand boost imports. The U.S. Attack represent distinct shift conservative Reagan administration recently sympathetic Tokyo's effort reduce government role economy diplomat said. Pointing Japan pledge Paris month action boost demand senior U.S. Treasury official April package routine. Japanese government bureaucrat already expect package contain rehash April's measures. That mean accelerate investment low rate government housing loan measure pas benefit strong yen consumer none major immediate economic impact. Several Japanese official agree real obstacle stimulate economy fiscal policy pursue Finance Ministry welcome shift U.S. Policy. But express concern move backfire fan resentment U.S. Interference domestic affairs. Makoto Kuroda vice minister international affair Ministry International Trade Industry Japan stimulate economy response U.S. Criticism meet mount pressure Japanese businessmen. The shift U.S. Policy cause nervousness Reagan administration. U.S. Undersecretary State Economic Affairs Allen Wallis told reporter week U.S. Does necessarily increase Japan's budget deficit. "There measure Japan stimulate economy" said. The argument raise past Organisation Economic Cooperation Development. What U.S. Backing position. At week's talk Japanese official argue Tokyo able maintain tight fiscal stance boost economy fund giant postal saving system. But Finance Ministry interested ask receive figure support U.S. Position senior U.S. Official said. Other western official sure. They boost investment far project pipeline. Stepped-up capital spending domestic construction company impact import added. REUTER 