A U.S. decision end forty-year tax treaty cover Netherlands Antilles unlikely major impact Eurobond market tax expert said. Most U.S. firm stop use financial subsidiary incorporate Netherlands Antilles sell Eurobond market July 1984 expert said. But decision affect Eurobonds issue July 1984 involve principal worth estimate 30 billion dlrs probably mean bond call maturity date said. Since bond currently trading premium call mean loss market value bondholder accord Treasury official identified. The official Treasury Department currently unsure impact move Eurobond market. "We monitoring situation receive report investor issuers" official said. Earlier Treasury notify Netherlands termination treaty effective January 1 1988. For U.S. firm seek avoid 30 pct withholding tax financial subsidiary incorporate Netherlands Antilles sell Eurobonds bond issue abroad overseas financial subsidiary. But company take advantage 1984 change law know exemption portfolio allows sell directly Eurobond market avoid withholding tax. The 1984 tax change sharply reduce U.S. company use Netherlands Antilles sell Eurobonds Steven Hannes accounting firm Touche Ross Co. Ending tax treaty mean foreigner invest U.S. Netherlands Antilles lose tax benefit probably change portfolio Hannes said. He decision mainly affect foreign investor sought tax advantage reside country tax treaty United States. These investor typically reside country Middle East Central South America said. Some withdraw U.S. investment seek tax relief Netherlands Switzerland choice limited Hannes said. "It conceivable investment stay here. They bear tax borne past" Hannes said. U.S. domestic bond affected change. U.S. company Eurobonds issue Netherlands Antilles expect call avoid tax liability Treasury Department spokesman said. But refinance low rate decline rate Department expect U.S. firm hurt decision spokesman said. Negotiations United States Netherlands continued success late 1970's. The difference center U.S. concern resident third country avoid U.S. tax use treaty Netherlands Antilles. Reuter 