Demand natural gas fail grow proportion decline oil delivery concern unresolved regulatory issue United States industry analyst gas utility company sources. "Natural gas free compete" Larry Makovich director utility service Data Resources Inc "problems pipeline access take-or-pay liability weigh heavily end-users' decision switch natural gas." A manager East Coast gas distribution company agree reluctance end-users stem fear unresolved regulatory issues. "The federal level access yet firmly threatens impede free flow natural gas producer consumers" said. Michael German economist American Gas Association significant amount gas replace oil dual-fuel boiler progress expand marketshare gas slow. First quarter natural gas consumption data available June. In month 1987 residual fuel demand fell average 55000 barrel accord American Petroleum Institute. Natural gas able full advantage decline oil consumption. AGA's German industrial consumer concerned regulatory issue long-range capital investment decision dual-fuel boiler market rely spot purchases. "With capability switch (from oil natural gas) already price fuel concern" add compare period January natural gas price burner tip 16 pct low industrial user 32 pct low utilities. German attribute sluggish performance natural gas low demand utility sector whole. "March warmer normal cut gas consumption heating electricity generation" said. In March accord API monthly statistic residual fuel delivery fell 13.6 pct 1.2 mln barrel period ago. While API specifically mention low natural gas price residual fuel price disadvantage electric utility industrial user industry analyst believe role natural gas over-stated. Makovich DRI note decline oil fuel mix take nuclear capacity come stream years. Nuclear capacity rise nine pct 1986 project rate growth 1987 11 pct growth 1988. In contrast oil gas together represent 15 pct fuel mix 1986 decline 13 pct 1989 said. Within sector gas share fell 66 pct 1986 76 pct ago due competition fall oil price added. But gas expect recapture pct share Makovich said. Michael German AGA agree "Nevertheless outlet hundred billion cubic foot gas significant glut market." Reuter 