Research material conduct electricity minimal resistance lead far gain Tokyo's boom stock market broker said. They share price company likely benefit so-called 'superconductors' rise sharply week publication article research economic daily Nihon Keizai Shimbun. The company non-ferrous metal electrical mining sectors. But industry analyst development problem remain commercial application away. "The clearly significant application won't commercially viable years" Thomas Murtha technology analyst James Capel Co. Industry analyst superconductors bring sharp cut electricity cost problem overcome. Nikko Securities Co Ltd analyst Shinichi Nakayama superconductors application computer circuitry electricity generation storage scientific research. The superconductors blend metal fuse heat-firing process similar ceramics. Nakayama Kawasaki Steel Corp KAWS.T> predict in-house study 1990 worldwide market worth 150 billion yen superconductors computer 50 billion electricity generator 150 billion electricity storage. The study 1995 train capable 500 km hour hover magnetic field power mainly superconductors. One hundred billion yen worth superconducting material need train. The Kawasaki study superconductors nuclear fusion physic 2000. Industry analyst superconductors commercial application present. In laboratory test conductor cool expensive liquid helium hydrogen minimum electrical resistance achieve liquid nitrogen expensive recently successfully said. Despite investor Tokyo's stock market boost share firm related superconducting materials. From close trading March 17 yesterday's close Mitsubishi Mining Cement Co Ltd's MIMI.T> share price rise 140 yen 485 yen. In period Mitsubishi Metal Corp MITM.T> rise 95 745 yen Sumitomo Metal Mining Co Ltd TOMM.T> rise 200 1440 yen Kawasaki Steel rise 15 260. Furukawa Electric Co Ltd share URUT.T> jumped 104 yen 689 yen Fuji Electric Co Ltd FUJE.T> rise 141 619. Brokers share supplier scientific instrument need conduct superconductor research rose. Industry analyst favour superconductor blend yttrium barium copper currently undergo laboratory test scheme coordinate Ministry International Trade Industry (MITI). REUTER 