The Bank England propose bank Britain seek authorization lead underwriter issue euromarkets. In addition Bank propose limit amount credit risk firm issue lead manage. The propose rule outline consultative paper credit exposure take recognize bank deposit taker modify Bank said. The rule affect billion dollar eurobond security issue year. In 1986 183 billion dlrs eurobonds offer accord figure compile Euromoney magazine. Up restriction lead manage eurobond issues. However eurobond market participant believe Bank England concerned intense competition market share cause firm expose themselves imprudent credit risk. Competition market share boon issuer bank compete offer terms. But rule suggest constraint place competition regulator attempt ensure bank take risk handle. Banking source Bank England reluctant inhibit competition willing accept constraint ensure underwriter act prudently. "The Bank's assessment appropriateness bank's lead underwriting activity depend primarily skill experience lead underwriter particular market concerned..." Bank's proposal said. Once firm receive permission act lead underwriter exposure value one-sixth amount securities. Nominal exposure exceed 60 pct capital report Bank England notify advance exposure 150 pct capital. The exposure determine exist maximum 28 day follow binding commitment underwrite. After remain exposure unsold security assess full value. The rule apply syndicate loan facility revolve credit commercial paper Bank said. The Bank amend aspect plan strengthen supervisory power bank paper call comment professional March 31 allow inclusion Banking Bill plan final discussion Parliament schedule summer. The Banking Bill update 1979 Banking Act third leg Conservative government's legislation supervision financial institutions. It feature alongside Financial Services Act aim bolster investor protection Building Societies Act institution equal footing banks. The propose legislation abolish distinction recognise bank license deposit-takers tighten legal control make criminal offence mislead supervisors. Proposals require bank inform Bank England advance plan exposure excess 25 pct capital Bank supervise exposure 10 25 pct capital debate paper showed. However preliminary consultation bank representative show initial proposal flaw said. Most propose change involve evaluate exposure case-by-case basis lines. Amendments involve Bank's propose treatment exposure financial institution act banker unit company paper showed. They regard treatment credit exposure local government sector entity exposure undertaken bank subsidiary banks. Proposals value security debtor collateral credit slightly change paper showed. Exposures take bank act creditor company usually look case-by-case basis proposal said. The paper exposure state-owned industry sector authority U.K. abroad lenient treatment credit government provide government give unconditional repayment guarantees. It caution exposure U.K. local authority guaranteed British Export Credit Guarantee Department probably qualify treatment. On credit grant bank subsidiary bank earlier-proposed 100 pct capital ceiling exceed individual cases. But parent bank formal undertaking exposure problem occur write exposure retain subsidiary's balance sheet meet precise objective paper said. On collateral security "should normally take account consider acceptability bank's exposure 25 pct capital base." "The presence security take consider Bank acceptable reason exposure excess 25 pct exceptional circumstance limited extent" said. Reuter 