Mexico temporarily suspend debt-equity swap move banker attempt increase pressure reluctant foreign bank participate 7.7 billion dlr loan country. The scheme give foreign firm access cheap peso finance investment Mexico likely resume soon loan package sign March 20. But move far indication strain developed Mexico bank difficulty syndicate huge loan banker said. Bankers Mexico suspend swap February 25. Adolfo Hegewisch Mexico's Undersecretary Commerce confirm swap halt told Euromoney conference debt-equity swap Mexico force act inundate applications. Between January 1 February 15 132 firm apply debt-equity conversion compare 100 May December 1986. "We accustom receive work" Hegewisch responsible foreign investment Mexico. Bankers application total billion dlrs pile finance ministry want limit amount swap 100 mln dlrs month. But banker decline identify halt suit Mexico keep pressure bank final campaign persuade 400 creditor worldwide participate loan. Over 97 pct loan subscribed dozen small bank baulking. Assistant U.S. Treasury Secretary David Mulford yesterday reluctance bank nearly jeopardized deal stage. "The Mexicans basically We're subsidize foreigner deal" banker said. Other banker Mexico's motif sinister suspension mainly due absence top ministry official New York debt talks. "They focus deal want bank focus deal" source said. Apart disruption banker company official Mexican debt-equity scheme huge success. Frank Fountain Assistant Treasurer Chrysler Corp 100 mln dlr swap December go smoothly Chrysler plan more. Chrysler work Manufacturters Hanover Trust Co bought Mexican public-sector debt value 110 mln dlrs mainly European banks. The cost 65 mln dlrs cash paper. It present paper Mexico's central bank receive equivalent 100 mln dlrs worth peso invest local subsidiary produce car export North America. Susan Segal senior vice president Manufacturers Hanover swap reduce Mexico's debt burden recapitalize local industry squeeze local capital markets. Fountain well-established firm Chrysler found difficult arrange long-term peso financing reasonable term Mexico. Industrial company swap date Hegewisch application pending investment electronic chemical industry Japanese Korean firm show particular interest. But spreading. Segal Manufacturers Hanover authorize convert portfolio loan equity investment Mexican hotels. She sum involve considerable give details. The bank look joint venture manufacturing trading company Segal added. And agreement bank sign week Mexican resident allow participate scheme hitherto reserve foreign firm hope 30 billion dlrs estimate held abroad repatriated. Reuter 