The United States push strong statement Western heads-of-state June economic summit Venice urge "comprehensive" negotiation agriculture begin immediately reduce domestic farm subsidy senior U.S. planner summit said. "Agriculture really international economic problem" Allen Wallis undersecretary economic affair told Reuters interview. At Tokyo economic summit western leader identify agriculture major international specific recommendations. This Wallis U.S. press statement instruct trade minister begin negotiate issue include domestic programs. While Western leader include president Reagan conduct specific negotiation Wallis push agriculture talk General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT). Wallis leader endorse "comprehensive" negotiation interpret include domestic policy import restraint export subsidies. "They (GATT talks) really deal domestic policy trade arrangements" Wallis said. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter summit statement support agriculture talk overall U.S. strategy build momentum GATT farm talks. Public statement recent week Reagan cabinet stress agriculture issue. Yeutter Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng repeatedly discus agriculture visit Japan start week. Yeutter agriculture agenda trade minister "quadrilateral" talk Japan European Community U.S. Canada month. And ministerial meeting Paris-based Organization Economic Cooperation Development OECD May highlight agriculture Yeutter said. The OECD May expect release study domestic farm subsidy show Japan high subsidy industrial country aid farmer generous EC United States. The controversial OECD study calculate measure farm subsidy call Producer Subsidy Equivalent PSE allows farm aid compare across countries. Some official include British Agriculture Minister Michael Jopling PSE useful method negotiate low domestic farm subsidy worldwide. However State Department's Wallis PSE useful negotiation shortcoming "its definitive." He U.S. official Reagan administration yet reach decision specific U.S. agriculture proposal GATT. "I expect (U.S. proposal) fall" series international meeting Wallis said. At preliminary meeting GATT agriculture committee United States push so-called "freeze rollback" approach. Subsidies frozen current level rolled-back jointly stages. However Reagan administration perplexed trade analyst recently react cooly plan Australian prime minister Bob Hawke call similar approach. Hawke unveiled seven-point plan freeze subsequently reduce gap farm price support prices. Australia lead so-called Cairns 13 coutries press freer agriculture trade. "The proposal so-called Cairns come seem focus short-run quick fix what's call here" Wallis said. Wallis U.S. want "long-range" solution agriculture problem. U.S. official criticize Australian proposal deal primarily difference domestic price level EC U.S. fails focus question market access. At U.S. reject Australian "quick fix" Wallis U.S. press summit declaration urge agriculture talk complete "expeditiously" years. The unstated U.S. strategy U.S. official keep pressure EC export enhancement low value dollar hope sweep agriculture agreement 1988. Reuter 