The St. Lawrence Seaway reopen March 31 winter face tough depressed traffic level possibility strike 20 Great Lakes seaway official said. Depressed grain export rise cost compete mode transportation expect result marginal increase year's traffic level -- revenue -- 2300 mile waterway official said. In 1986 season ran April 3 December 27 seaway move 37.6 mln metric ton freight Montreal Lake Ontario 41.6 mln ton Welland Canal link Lake Erie Lake Ontario. By comparison 1985 37 mln ton cargo travel Montreal-Lake Ontario section 42 mln eight-lock canal. The waterway expect lose 9-10 mln Canadian dlrs estimate deficit fiscal 1986-87 end March 31 William Blair executive member Canada's St Lawrence Seaway Authority. The seaway move one-half Canada's export grain. Those export single commodity carry waterway depressed surpluses. The Seafarers' International Union represent 2300 worker Great Lakes ocean coast likely strike spring protest employers' demand wage rollback concessions. "It's 99.9 pct (certain)--I guarantee strike" Roman Gralewicz Seafarers' Canadian branch said. The Canadian government call labor conciliator try hammer contract agreement sides. The seaway authority walkout tie ship Great Lakes badly hurt traffic. "We haven't strike seaway years...a prolong strike disasterous effect" Seaway Authority spokeswoman Gay Hemsley said. "These heaviest contract talk history St Lawrence Seaway" George Miller vice-president Canadian Lake Carriers Association association major Canadian shipping company recently. The workers' current contract expires May 31. The association ask five cent cut wage reduce crew level restructure crew dispatching. The association record 6 mln dlrs (U.S.) loss 1985 1986 due low traffic freight rate increase competition. The seaway 1985 bad decades. Hemsley seaway authority plan raise toll Welland Canal eight pct compare year's 15 pct rise maintain freeze toll throughout rest waterway. Canada responsible 13 seaway's 15 lock 85 pct revenue maintenance costs. "We hope steady upward climb...but won't major increase years" Hemsley said. A Canada-U.S. delegation promote seaway shipper Western Europe result increase traffic season full benefit won't Blair said. Reuter 