Bankers Saudi Arabia negotiate delicate balance western practice oriental justice try restructure troubled corporate sector's debt. The lie reconcile Saudi Arabia's western-style banking Islamic "Sharia" legal payment view usury illegal. So Saudi Arabia's 11 commercial bank pin hope negotiate settlement enforce one resign able recoup loan full. And highly selective enterprise eligible credit run failure force heavy loan loss provision ate relentlessly profits. As result attract complaint community say starve fund government criticise play large role economy. The private sector's downturn earnest 1983 oil price slid company slow react businessmen said. Bloated inventory case poor management create problems. Some blame government pay sector contract promptly. Long negotiation reschedule debt produce results. One banker "Banks agree reschedulings price... They resign full recovery (of loans) possible." In case private sector firm strip asset prior debt renegotiations leave bank virtually hope repayment full. The major reschedule seal mid-February Arabian Auto Agency> know AAA reach agreement stretch repayment 700 mln riyal debt 50 Saudi international banks. Bankers deal Jeddah-based heavy equipment importer likely precedent private sector. It greet relief 18 month negotiations. AAA's reschedule follow day draft accord 1.3 billion riyal debt Kingdom's publicise company Saudi Research Development Corp> REDEC. These case raise hope company reach agreement soon. Bankers cement importer Arabian Bulk Trade> construction trading firm Ali Fahd Shobokshi Group> negotiate creditor banks. They increasingly resign little legal recourse Saudi Arabia reschedule payment gear company's cash-flow -- low -- recover portion outstanding loans. Though banker feel generally tacit backing Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA) Kingdom's central bank active role. However banker encourage SAMA block "black list" borrower bank drawn circulate year. Bankers AAA accord negotiate committee lead Saudi British Bank> likely model bank insist full repayment obligations. Sixty pct debt repaid monthly instalment seven 1/4 Bahrain interbank offer rate (BIBOR). The remain 40 pct paid completion tranche 1/4 BIBOR. And accrue 40 pct waive tranche met full. As banker "Many bank view money none all." REUTER 