Texaco Inc re-established key oil supply line follow yesterday's court filing protection Chapter 11 U.S. bankrupcty code Elton Yates Texaco's coordinator worldwide operations. "Several company willing start trading" Yates told Reuters interview. The company week state domestic international oil supplier demand cash oil shipment case cut supply altogether. Banks cut credit line court filings. Manufacturers Hanover Corp MHC> bank told Texaco cut billion dlr credit line Texaco court filing. Chase Manhattan Corp CMB> J.P. Morgan Co's JPM> Morgan Guaranty Trust Co deposit cover transaction said. The severe condition supplier creditor arose unfavorable ruling Monday U.S. Supreme Court Texaco's ongoing dispute Pennzoil Co PZL> acquisition Getty Oil Co 1984. The High Court Texas Courts consider Texaco's plea cut 10.3 billion dlr bond appeal case. "Most supplier stayed could" Elton said. But follow Monday's Supreme Court ruling Texaco's supplier demand cash halt supplies. "It wasn't Wednesday avalanche" said. "Supplies cut run anywhere near capacity." He half Texaco's oil supply jeapordy cut produce severe shortage mid-May. Now situation appear severe Elton said. It Sonatrach Algerian oil company cancel future delivery crude oil natural gas Occidental Petroleum Co OXY> demand cash crude Atlantic Richfield Co ARC> special safeguards. The company British Petroleum Co PLC BP> week refuse accept fuel oil. But Yates "a U.K. company supplying. They cancel week." He decline identify company. Petroleos de Venezuela S.A.> Venezuelan oil company supply portion Texaco's oil halt shipment week ago Yates said. But add Texaco expect meet Venezuelans attempt reestablish key supply line. Talks expect Algerians added. Bankruptcy specialist likely Texaco's chapter 11 filing allow company secure credit line oil supply key company's business. "It usual Texaco" Martin Klein bankruptcy attorney New York law firm Dreyer Traub. "Creditors nervous bunch people" said. "But dust settle reevaluate situation likely extend credit chapter 11 company." But official Texaco immediately available whether discussion held bank whether credit line reestablished. Reuter 