The Tower Commission report say President Reagan ignorant Iran arm deal end prospect regain political dominance Washington political analyst said. "This certification incompetence" private political analyst Stephen Hess told Reuters comment Tower report today. "It's professional licensing board deny credentials." In direct criticism board chairman John Tower longtime Reagan supporter former Republican senator Texas told press conference "The president clearly understand nature operation." The report lent credence widespread opinion Washington Reagan full command government particularly damage prepared board Republican president's choosing. The three-member panel Tower former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft former Secretary State Edmund Muskie carry partisan taint criticism Congress control Democratic party. "We're fall hand" Republican political strategist. "What except 'we're sorry won't again'?" The strategist work party's top 1988 presidential contender identify report "an anvil fall us." Hess Brookings Institution policy study report final blow Reagan's hope regain upper dealing Congress press Washington bureaucracy. The report undermine stand Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger Secretary State George Shultz report suggests interested keep skirt clean support president. "They protect record position issue. They energetic attempt protect president consequences" said. White House chief staff Donald Regan former Central Intelligence Agency Director William Casey receive strong criticism blow expect cases. Regan expect resign fire shortly savage allegedly fail Reagan conduct Iran initiative avoid "chaos" disclosure process. Casey underwent surgery removal cancerous brain tumor December already resign health reason month. "This story somewhat short heroes" Tower told reporters. While Reagan retains considerable constitutional power include command arm force veto legislation analyst difficult retake control country's policy agenda -- particularly Congress control Democrats. The crucial remain question whether street forsake Reagan affair. Although job approval rating fall twenty percentage point opinion poll arm deal Iran become November personal popularity relatively high. A Los Angeles Times poll release earlier week show 37 pct survey Reagan control government 55 pct do job president. American Enterprise Institute analyst William Schneider Democrat say Reagan's loss support Washington broker offset continued backing public. "In past able elite appeal directly public" Schneider said. Reagan plead televise address week. But top Republican strategist warn expect dramatic turnaround. "The White House avoid building expectation cannot met" strategist request anonymity. "They recognize quick fix." Analysts Reagan's personal popularity translate backing policies. They note dramatically rebuffed November's election voter reject appeal restore control Senate Democrats. Reuter 