Private coffee exporter Colombia's pragmatic coffee marketing policy ensure country suffer excessively current depressed price erratic market conditions. Gilberto Arango president exporters' association interview Colombia world's large producer position withstand prolong absence International Coffee Organization (ICO) export quotas. "Colombia country benefit situation" said. Recent ICO talk London fail break deadlock re-introduction export quota suspend February 1986 date meeting issue. Arango government measure adopt week include low export registration price indicate major change disclose welcome pragmatism. "This start era Colombia market condition new" said. The government lower local tax exporter export registration price reintegro change closely reflect market trends. Arango illustration Colombia's attitude decision Friday export registration unlimited amount. But add imply country begin heavy sell coffee. "Our marketing policy sell haste consistently. No target volume set. We react market factor adequately Colombia intention give coffee away." Colombia's past record basis upcoming export said. "We certainly export seven mln (60-kilo) bag neither sell mad. The trade know full Colombia's export potential is" said. Colombia stockpile stand 10 mln bag export record 11.5 mln bag 1985/86 coffee end September 11.3 mln calendar 1986. Arango commit export prediction output 1986/87 coffee exceed 10.5 mln bag compare 12 mln forecast National Coffee Growers' Federation 12.5 mln U.S. Department Agriculture figure "ridiculous." He age plantation rust particular produce province Antioquia meant output likely fall nationwide estimate rare oscillate 9.5 mln 11.5 mln bags. On failure recent ICO talk Arango Colombia understandably frustrate have manage force compromise. Jorge Cardenas manager federation nation's delegation London blame intransigence country name them. However Arango Colombian Finance Minister Cesar Gaviria week explicit United States undoubtedly political pressure come week revise policy. "Washington account country ally instance Central America sharp fall coffee export revenue far-reaching political economic consequences." Arango rule fresh Colombian initiative export quota say producer show common resolve emerge continuous contacts. Reuter 