Overseas security firm spending million dollar operation Tokyo lose money industry source said. For bank security firm eager establish themselves international player building presence Japan imperative. Thirty-six already license trade security Tokyo Stock Exchange world's largest. More 50 expect year-end. But deregulation erodes brokers' profit global share-buying spree predict subside security trader first-class financial muscle survive source said. "There foreigners' fallout. They glib idea survive" David Miller director manager Jardine Fleming (Securities) Ltd's Tokyo branch. Despite soar share price sharp fall commission stock transaction hurt brokerage Tokyo early. "Japanese equity longer profitable business. The margin ago. Things rosy seem" Miller said. Publicly report earnings foreign security house Japan half-year end September 30 1986 show Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd top profit 1.7 billion yen. Most firm report hefty gain before. But industry source figure fully reveal cost run international brokerage world's expensive city. Salary package free housing novice analyst routinely run 100000 dlrs year. Miller whose firm earnings 1.4 billion yen half-year September 1986 cost operation strong endure 10 15 mln dlrs year. "I'd surprised make money honestly account costs" said. To bring commission closer rate Finance Ministry slash fix brokerage fee especially large-lot deals. In rate negotiate New York London industry source said. Since October's Big Bang deregulation London's financial market half equity trading deal generate commission income all. Stockbroking firm unlikely money force analyst said. The foreign firm especially six admit February 1986 advantage latecomer said. The six Merrill Lynch Japan Inc> Goldman Sachs International Corp> Morgan Stanley International Inc> Vickers Da Costa Ltd> Jardine Fleming Securities Ltd> S.G. Warburg Co (Japan) Ltd>. The membership cost five mln dlrs allow firm execute trade unlike house branch status avoid pay 27 pct commission member firm trades. Members communicate instantly exchange floor vital source information market tends follow leader. Sources seven 10 seat exchange likely sometime 1988. For non-member firm wrestling market share tenacious Japanese foreign firm costly intangible sometimes prove exchange membership. "Your name know you're member club" Miller said. "It's easy hire ... New people." To inaugurate Japan operation SBCI Securities (Asia) Ltd> flew Basel Ballet January reception Tokyo Osaka. The firm 50 pct own Swiss Bank Corp> give guest gift Swiss chocolate Swatch watches. "It's expensive party token serious regard development Tokyo" SBCI's Tokyo branch manager Gregory Shenkman said. To establish position quickly SBCI hire 26-strong research unit W.I. Carr (Overseas) Ltd>'s Tokyo office. "I lucky" Shenkman said. "I anticipate considerable struggle organically develop research team. "I be particularly optimistic prospect Japanese equity market continental European bank little experience equity outside domestic equity market" said. But prospect closing operation worse. "One ill-advised close decide later. I'm sure Japansese community respond sort attitude" said. REUTER 