Belgian Finance Minister Mark Eyskens warmly welcome week's increase U.S. Prime rate call move beyond Group Five Canada Paris accord stabilise currencies. The rate rise underpin economic financial policy convergence major country added. In interview Reuters Eyskens clear believe country involve accord - U.S. Japan West Germany France Britain Canada - agree "tentative" fluctuation range exchange rates. Eyskens speak host informal meeting European Community finance minister central bank chief Belgium weekend focus international monetary situation proposal strengthen European Monetary System (EMS). Asked dollar's recent fall currency market Eyskens believe Paris agreement prove "more workable" despite call evident disagreement U.S. Economic monetary policy Treasury Secretary James Baker Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker. Besides Baker's statement dramatically influence exchange market trade tension U.S.And Japan cause dollar's fall expecially yen said. But express optimism Washington Tokyo reach compromise row semi-conductor trade. "I agreement quite possible" said. Eyskens "very agreeably surprised" week's quarter-point increase U.S. Prime rate despite obvious negative consequence debtor countries. "It positive element go far (Paris) Louvre agreement ...It market take account content" said. He add coordination rate fundamental element economic monetary convergence lead industrialise economies. "A policy maintain exchange rate fluctuation range accompany coordinate policy rates" said. Eyskens clear believe G-6 country agree Paris range hold currencies. He February 22 Louvre accord partner agree cooperate closely foster exchange rate stability current level clearly allude "system tentative (fluctuation) margins." He add meeting statement meaningless G-6 discuss technicality implement it. Eyskens grow economic convergence lead industrialise country point towards great international monetary system. "That doesn't mean ready restore Bretton Woods (the post-World War Two fix exchange rates) (International Monetary Fund) Interim Committee think term target zone fluctuation range implement defended" said. The Interim Committee meet week Washington ahead IMF's Spring meeting Eyskens EC minister prepare gathering weekend's talks. He hop wide-ranging talk future EMS weekend meeting base proposal EC's Monetary Committee Committee Central Bank Governors strengthen technical institutional changes. Eyskens expect EC Commission President Jacques Delors submit proposal fully liberalise capital movement 12-nation bloc clear share Delors' view accompany reinforcement EMS. "Both totally linked. Liberalisation strengthen EMS destabilise Community" said. REUTER 