Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd JARD.HKG> plan bonus issue "B" share 20 H.K. Cents ordinary share par value dlrs. A company statement firm expect pay total 1987 dividend cent "B" share "A" share dividend maintain year's level 40 cent share. Jardine Matheson announce earlier 205 pct jump 1986 net profit 479 mln dlrs 157 mln 1985. Shareholders' fund increase 5.02 billion dlrs 4.77 billion 1985 statement said. It quote chairman Simon Keswick say Jardine Matheson achieve performance satisfactory result section especially Hong Kong Land Co Ltd HKLD.HKG> Jardine Fleming Co Ltd Japan. He group's stake 35 pct Hong Kong Land lower 26 pct completion reorganisation "a term investment stand level cause financial strain problem asset imbalance." Keswick issue "B" share "the flexibility future issue ordinary share expansion jeopardising shareholding stability brought group's recent restructuring." He issue pending approval firm's shareholder warrant holder add appropriate adjustment warrant exercise price. The Jardine nearly complete reorganisation Jardine Matheson transfer control Hk Land unit Jardine Strategic Holdings Ltd>. Jardine Strategic hold majority stake company spun Hk Land -- Mandarin Oriental International Ltd> Dairy Farm International Holdings Ltd> -- plus cross holding Jardine Matheson. Jardine Matheson debt 2.7 billion dlrs debt free restructuring. "A positive cash flow operation disposal continue 1987 transform balance sheet" Keswick said. He note firm sell interest airfreight operation Australian property trucking remain U.S. Oil gas activities. Jardine Matheson decide provision trading Middle East view continue weakness oil price Keswick said. But operation profitable longer term. He firm's function "has evolve primarily strategy structure financial personnel policy." He Jardine Matheson reduce size board director simultaneously create Pacific regional board. He give far detail change. Jardine Matheson share rise 20 cent 24.90 dlrs midday Hong Kong stock market. In trading fall 24.30 dlrs rumour yesterday firm plan right issue. REUTER 