(General Partners) Texas partnership equally own affiliate Wagner Brown AFG Industries Inc AFG> currently hold 2180608 common share 9.8 pct Gencorp Inc's GY> outstanding common stock. General Partners 100 dlrs share cash tender offer Gencorp Akron Ohio-based concern worth nearly 2.3 billion dlrs. Gencorp interest tire- plastic-making aerospace broadcasting 22.3 mln share outstanding. The General Partners offer subject receipt financing majority Gencorp share conditions. In letter Gencorp chairman chief executive A. William Reynolds describe offer General Partners willing negotiate term offer prepared meet soon possible. In statement General Partners contribute 250 mln dlrs equity financing commitment billion dlr credit line Wells Fargo Co WFC> 1.25 billion loan Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc unit American Express Co AXP>. A Gencorp spokesman company's management meeting board schedule meet today. He sure company formally receive notice offer aware press accounts. He decline Gencorp's move whether issue statement today. In letter General Partners plan maintain Gencorp's corporate headquarters Akron retain company's plastic industrial product business tire related product segment. The letter mention Gencorp's RKO General broadcasting subsidiary involve dispute license renewal television stations. Gencorp agree sell independent station WOR New York KHJ Los Angeles. General Partners official immediately available. Gencorp share delayed opening New York Stock Exchange imbalance order NYSE share indicate 103 115. The share close yesterday 90-1/2 52-week high. The financing offer include 250 mln dlrs equity General Partners 1.25 billion dlr loan Shearson Lehman Brothers senior subordinate bridge loan binding agreement deliver 24 hour request partnership billion dlr credit line Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo agree lend 250 mln dlrs line form syndicate bank provide rest partnership said. Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc act dealer manager tender offer said. In letter partnership confident obtain financing close transaction promptly. Last fall AFG privately held Wagner Brown offer acquire (Lear Siegler Inc) 1.44 billion dlrs withdrew offer high bid emerged. Lear Siegler eventually private 1.66 billion dlrs. Reuter 