Philippine Coconut Authority (PCA) chairman Jose Romero visit Brussels month lobby propose 100 pct European Community (EC) levy vegetable oil imports. "I intend visit Brussels talk whoever put devilish scheme impoverish third country Philippines" Romero interview. He support levy EC believe originally oppose tax pressure change position. Romero EC lead West Germany Netherlands Denmark Norway oppose tax. But danger persuade change side happen opposition crumble. Romero threat export lay EC warn copra meal cake livestock feed contain dangerous level aflatoxin carcinogenic chemical. He EC standard 0.02 part aflatoxin million part meal EC country apply October 1988 rigid. He Philippine copra cake contain high level aflatoxin. Aflatoxin come mould develop copra properly dry ground. Romero tell buyer copra meal London Philippines do meet EC standards. It try eliminate aflatoxin totally likely research. Copra meal export 817641 tonne 35 pct total coconut export 1986. The meal worth 73.5 mln dlrs. Romero visit Oxford University's department agricultural economics discus way avoid copra process altogether. "There way produce coconut product outside copra" Romero said. "We process fresh coconut dry meat sun. Through wet process process coconut food non-food product chemical root." He tendency agricultural country protectionist expect export price coconut product drop. "In term get production I'm comfortable that" said. With country Indonesia Malaysia step production palm oil coconut oil substitute palm oil output risen nearly 70 pct 1971 Romero said. "To add U.S. Soybean Association spending billion dollar discredit palm oil coconut oil say polysaturated fat bad heart" said. Romero expect coconut product export price stay rest year. They probably touch 20 cents/pound current level 18.59 cent sharp rise year-ago level 10.50 cents. Romero Philippines five-year coconut production cycle show production tend fall successive harvests. He 1985 1986 harvest add production fall drought affected output. "Traders stock overbought price start decline again. The sure keep price stable processing add value" said. Coconut farmer encourage intercrop plant cash crop coconut tree said. "A typical farm 100 150 tree sit 10000 square metre land. That's lot space" Romero said. He government's propose land reform exclude 75 pct coconut farmer propose seven-hectares land. "If idea land reform increase income level production employment won't happen" said. PCA figure show one-third country's population dependent coconut industry. Coconuts plant 3.2 mln hectare one-fourth total agricultural land. REUTER 