The U.S. House Agriculture Committee approve proposal extend Export Enhancement Program EEP fiscal 1990 urge Reagan administration offer EEP wheat Soviet Union. The proposal approve amendment comprehensive trade bill move Congress year. In addition amendment EEP committee approve proposal restrict import lamb casein sugar-containing product tobacco. Those amendment affect import uncertain future House Ways Means Committee overall jurisdiction trade legislation oppose Congressional source said. The effect EEP amendment extend five fiscal 1990 current fiscal 1988. The amendment offer Rep. Dan Glickman D-Kan. increase funding 2.5 billion dlrs 1.5 billion now. Furthermore committee pass amendment offer Rep. Glickman instructs U.S. Agriculture Department value EEP bonus commodity market value acquisition value. Glickman change 30 pct expensive operate. The provision EEP wheat Soviet Union offer Rep. Bob Smith R-Ore. require administration offer urge action. The committee approve amendment offer Rep. Glenn English D-Okla. require Secretary Agriculture begin discussion major grain produce country aim jointly reduce grain production. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday oppose amendment say commodity agreement work. Among host amendment restrict import approve panel significant require quota import good contain 25 pct bulk farm product subject U.S. quotas. The amendment offer Rep. Arlan Stangeland R-Minn. aim primarily curb import Canada product contain sugar foreign food contain dairy products. It affect peanut cotton tobacco import Committee source said. Another amendment quota U.S. import casein dairy product ship U.S. primarily New Zealand Ireland. The panel vote apply lamb import countercyclical import quota law operating U.S. beef imports. Other miscellaneous amendment included: -- Urging administration consider retaliate Japan South Korea country remove restriction beef imports. -- Boosting amount U.S. grain ship food aid call Section 416 800000 tonne 500000 tonne now. -- Requiring Agriculture Secretary conduct study Canadian Wheat Board import licensing wheat determine non-tariff trade barrier. -- Requiring Agriculture Secretary reimburse National Corn Growers Association 500000 dlrs cost defend U.S. feedgrains Canadian countervail duty year. -- Urging administration oppose Canadian decision apply duty U.S. corn import proposal European Community apply vegetable oil tax. -- USDA conduct study finding National Commission Agricultural Export Policy recommend reorganization USDA's trade policy apparatus. Reuter 