Emery Air Freight Corp topped leveraged buyout offer Purolator Courier Corp 40 mln dlrs Wall Street react offer surface. Purolator's stock climbed 5-3/8 40-1/8 1/4 Emery's 40 dlr share offer. Emery topped 35 dlr share 268 mln dlr offer E.F. Hutton LBO Inc. Some analyst late 306 mln dlr offer Purolator exceed expectations. Several analyst previously takeover value package delivery company 35 dlr share range. At estimate company take range 38 42 dlrs share. Analysts venture whether offer arbitrager held belief bidding higher. "They choice seek offer. Emery show courage forth" arbitrager speculate courier company emerge bidders. "It make sense" James Parker Robinson Humphrey. But "It won't think. They won't 100 pct synergies." Analysts acquisition cost Emery earnings short term term eliminate redundancy sell Purolator asset boost Emery's profitability. Parker combine Purolator Emery rival United Parcel Service large U.S. package delivery company Federal Express Corp FDX> 47 pct market. Parker speculate combine Emery-Purolator 24 pct six seven billion dlr delivery business. "This Emery big factor weight (delivery) house" Douglas Arthur Kidder Peabody Co. Purolator decline comment Emery offer chairman Nicholas Brady return phone call. E.F.Hutton LBO decline comment Emery offer extend expiration withdrawal period offer April six midnight midnight EST. One analyst speculate extension make likely Hutton attempt offer. However skeptical company outside package delivery industry outbid 40 dlrs share synergy courier company. Since Purolator agree late February buyout management E.F. Hutton Group EFH> subsidiary speculation arisen bidding come. The buyout surround controversy Purolator board member Doresy Gardner resign March. Gardner believe offer entity. A spokesman Gardner former director contact Emery nor buyer line Purolator. Purolator's deal Hutton call question shareholder suit file earlier week attempt stop tender offer allow bidder forth. Hearings New York court delayed Monday. Arbitragers believe Hutton offer better Wall Street firm planning keep cash tie Purolator. Hutton provide 279 mln dlr "bridge" loan replace debt. Hutton maintain majority Purolator. Hutton source firm face risk n investment reclaim 279 mln dlr loan. Emery lose 5.4 mln dlrs revenue 887.5 mln dlrs. Purolator lose 57.6 mln dlrs 841.4 mln dlrs revenues. Reuter 