Japan become dangerously isolated U.S. And Europe feel cheat Japanese promise switch export domestic-led growth official businessmen said. As dollar slip record low below 145 yen make Japanese exporter holder dollar investment grit teeth harder Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa perception Japan renege promise. The go deep centre misunderstanding side key Maekawa report April year. The document prepared private committee form Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone lead former Bank Japan Haruo Maekawa. It recommend stop friction due trade surplus Japan "make historical transformation traditional policy economic management nation's lifestyle. There far development Japan transformation." Americans Europeans report heart look vain clear sign historic change. But Japanese remain doubtful short medium term prospect totally transform economic habits. The bubble frustration appear Japanese prevarication burst week. The U.S. Said intend raise tariff 300 mln dlrs Japanese export U.S. On ground Japan abrogate bilateral semiconductor pact. British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher threaten block Japanese financial firm London Japanese place British restrictive condition bid British firm Cable Wireless join domestic telecommunication joint venture. On Friday European currency dealer European central bank annoyed restrictive Japanese trade practises leave Japan alone intervene staunch rise yen. Eishiro Saito top Japanese Keidanren spot danger inherent contradictory view November visit European Community. "Related matter (trade) imbalance I found cause alarm trip Europe excessive degree hope place Europeans result Maekawa report" said. "We explain process restructuring economy dependence export balance domestic external demand...Would time" Saito said. Saito's word ignored. In February EC Industrial Policy Director Heinrich von Moltke Japan "I government leadership Maekawa point restructuring economy outward look inward look one. It Maekawa report attract attention Europe." And Europeans Americans quick action. "A answer protectionism structural change Japanese economy suggest Maekawa report. And hope change occur near future" visit Chairman General Motors Roger Smith March. Such expectation ingrain partly fault Nakasone herald Maekawa's report sea change Japanese affair U.S. Officials. Months report issue U.S. And EC leader met Japanese colleague discus trade problem. "We anxious approach Maekawa committee lead speedy effective action" EC Industrial Union leader Lord Ray Pennock. "The implication Maekawa report finally look Japanese enjoy fruit labour" Philip Caldwell Senior Managing Director Shearson Lehman Brothers. Contents report lead ahead issuance. Japanese official implement report fast European ambassador travel country ask issue. He People mention line spirit report include restructuring coal steel industries. A major misunderstand private report government policy. Europeans confuse underlined von Moltke's reference "leadership" Maekawa report. Even Japanese official September's government programme economic measures. "Without endorse report policy official government signature programme design implement report" ambassador said. REUTER 