Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin Philippine Investment Notes (PINs) offer commercial bank creditor country's 13.2 billion dlr debt reschedule revive Baker Plan. PINs tradable foreign currency-denominated financial instrument six-year maturity design conversion peso fund government-approved equity investment Philippines. Ongpin told reporter meeting businessmen government planning issue 100 150 mln dlrs worth PINs discount 12.5 pct year. The plan outline U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker 18 month ago stall commercial bank balk idea lending additional money Ongpin said. It call substantial commercial bank lending development bank aid debtor country grow economic troubles. The PINs provide mechanism finance growth need debtor nation provide willing welcome foreign equity investment economy Ongpin told businessmen's meeting. "And achieve force commercial bank involuntary money lending." Bankers New York boom market debt-equity swap PINs ought Manila issue note appropriate discount. Ongpin PINs result anticipate saving billion peso debt agreement's 17-year life. The accord restructure 5.8 billion dlrs previously reschedule debt 3.5 billion dlrs debt fall due January 1987 December 1992 925 mln dlrs money lent bank 1985 spread 7/8 percentage point London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR). It roll trade credit worth 2.9 billion dlrs. Ongpin Philippines' 7-1/2 grace period Mexico's seven-year grace period PINs proposal result saving foreign exchange generate peso reinvested domestic enterprises. Ongpin restructuring commercial bank debt 870 mln dlrs debt Paris Club Western creditor government January expect reduce country's debt-service ratio 25 30 pct current level 40 45 pct. He country's balance payment project surplus 1.2 billion dlrs 1987 compare surplus 1.1 billion dlrs 1986 previous project deficit 1.2 billion dlrs year. The Philippine negotiate team refine PINs idea time final agreement struck Friday Ongpin said. "What PINs IV" said. Ongpin told meeting kept promise gain term grant Mexico won 20-year repayment 13/16 point LIBOR. "And (Mexico) see money cross table today" Ongpin add expect quicker approval Philippines' 483 creditor bank worldwide. He daily telephone contact President Corazon Aquino particularly bank tough stance pricing. "But President's instruction unequivocal unwavering 'Do yield millimetre I don't care takes. Get green card don't deal proud of'" said. REUTER 