France's wing government face grow pressure modify economic policy revise 1987 growth target revise inflation forecast year. Moving reluctantly line private sector forecast government yesterday raise 1987 inflation estimate half percentage 2.5 cent cut economic growth estimate 2.8 cent 2.8 cent target write annual budget september. Finance Minister Edouard Balladur revise figure push government chosen mix price deregulation budget-cutting rigour pay restraint. But Trade Union leader serve immediate notice push protect purchasing raise spectre vicious spiral wage price rises. And bank economist contact Reuters believe Prime Minister Jacques Chirac force slow growth rise unemployment reflate economy autumn boost prospect Presidential election due April 1988. "The outlook worry week ago" Societe Generale economist Alain Marais. "We impression difficult cent growth year." "The question whether government's policy wage moderation maintained" added. The government sector wage rise aboout 1.7 cent cent ceiling rise justified increase productivity. But socialist CFDT union federation Edmond Maire meeting Chirac renew union demand already reject government indexation clause built future pay contract safeguard worker high prices. Calling government's policy "unbalanced unjust" demand investment incentive boost employment. He announce meeting Chirac told government spend billion franc series measure boost employment training Andre Bergeron widely respect leader moderate Force Ouvriere labour similar demand Chirac earlier week Communist-led CGT large France's union declare defence earnings top priority. But unemployment near 11 cent month rise government supporter economic analyst confident Chirac resist union pay demands. "Salary indexation end previous Socialist government I dont administration reverse that" comment Michel Develle economist recently-privatised Banque Paribas. Damaging transport electricity strike Christmas New Year partly blame government high inflation undermined union popularity said. Develle Paribas expect inflation rise government revise forecast 2.6 2.7 cent 2.1 cent. "But exceptional achievement consider Second World War french price freed" commented. Finance Ministry official government abolition price rent control responsible nearly quarter 0.9 cent surge January living costs. But claimed once-off phenomenon knock-on impact rest year. Both Marais Develle agree government kept wage control. Prices rise 1.5 cent month 1987 cent half fractionally forecast week National Statistics Institute INSEE Marais said. But half added. Ironically effect high inflation government achieve aim cut budget deficit analyst said. So sector wage held high Value Added Tax receipt result rise price offset loss revenue otherwise result slow expect growth said. Reuter 