Italy's strong economic revival lead observer talk miracle create euphoria quarter future growth prospect Italian expert warn current wave optimism excessive. "I foreign so-called Italian miracle really exaggerated...Foreign observer oscillate Italy complete pessimism unwarranted optimism" say Luigi Spaventa Italy's lead economist professor Rome University. According Spaventa violent swing mood occur 15 Italy minute see "bad boy Europe" unable raise dollar worker miracle basking admiration "I there's lot exaggeration...Once underground economy correspondent foreign newspaper flock Italy study this. That story - write black cat dark room." Spaventa tune economist industrialist stress Italy's recent achievement particularly dramatic solid recovery fortune industrial enterprise warns economy vulnerable. Profits private sector firm Fiat S.P.A. FIAT.M> ING. C. Olivetti C. S.P.A.> boom major industry black loss inflation nosedive trade balance payment deficit slashed. Expectations expert Italy poise replace Britain world's fifth large economy boost optimism. Italy clear happy feel second-rate status major industrialise countries. Only week angrily demand clarification status exclude meeting finance minister Group Five (G-5) - comprise United States Japan West Germany France Britain. Italy exclusion meeting violate agreement reach Tokyo Italy Canada attend meeting held five whenever discussion concerned manage international monetary system. But Italy need tackle fundamental problem face economy economist industrialist say. "We forget ours vulnerable economy" warns Fiat manage director Cesare Romiti. He say Italy's recent achievement indeed cause satisfaction optimism focus problem remain already solved. The country's huge sector deficit unemployment heavy dependence import oil worry problem expert say. The size spending deficit -- estimate 109561 billion lira 1986 targetted 100000 billion lira -- mean risk inflation spiral say Carlo Scognamiglio private Luiss university Rome. Inflation fell single digit decade September 1984 January run 4.5 pct low guarantee international competiveness economist industrialist say. And unemployment run 11.6 pct nationally October accord late official data. Recent official data show total 2.77 million seek October 1986 73 pct age 14 29. Unemployment south run 17.7 pct double industrial north. The Organisation Economic Cooperation Development (OECD) recently forecast Italian gross domestic product (GDP) rise rise pct 1987 expand 2.5 pct 1986. But warn growth unlikely check rise unemployment. Another Italy's reliance import raw materials. The country import 80 pct fuel needs. This factor actually work sharply Italy's favour low energy cost help slash country's trade deficit 3717 billion lira 23085 billion lira 1985. But economist improvement owes little structural change Italian economy reversal trend cost serious consequences. If Italy truly want count world's top industrialise nation need tighten stockmarket operating procedure encourage firm supply quality information activity economist say. Italy control insider trading. The country need shed rigid capital movement control -- European Community directive call dismantle 1992 -- require blinker attitude change traditional operating procedure economist say. "Even I want invest Tokyo bourse I doubt I'd expertise brokerage firm bank allow that" say Spaventa. REUTER 