Steel stock healthy runup recently short term investment opportunity accord steel analysts. But upturn base strong order firm price spring strictly seasonal soon. They recommend take profits. "It's year. This strictly seasonal" Charles Bradford Merrill Lynch Co. "Orders strong month sign (order rates) start dive already." But Dean Witter Reynolds Inc analyst Clarence Morrison see short-term potential include USX Corp X> Bethlehem Steel Corp BS> Armco Inc AS> Inland Steel Industries Inc IAD>. "There attractiveness steel short- intermediate-term base improve rate rise prices" Morrison said. He recommends stock Inland modernize steelmaking operation efficient. Despite bearishness Merrill's Bradford continue recommend Armco see major turnaround. Armco's steelmaking operation profitable balance sheet improve oilfield equipment slimmed joint venture USX Bradford noted. "It's high-quality investment situation yet they've way" said. "We stock moderately market" said. Armco share trading 1/4 10 12 possibly 15 said. Bradford see Armco earn 50 75 ct share 1987 special gain recouped investment tax credit loss year. Armco's 1988 earnings significantly high said. Bradford recommend sale USX shares. "We buy below 20 get 28 somebody else it" said. The steel energy concern earn dlr share 1987 half come asset sale dlrs 2.50 dlrs 1988 Bradford said. "But lot depends oil prices" added. About 60 pct USX's sale oil natural gas. Other analyst include Michelle Galanter Applebaum Salomon Brothers Inc recommend USX. "The company's lot (of restructuring) market's credit for" said. She see stock mid 30 higher. USX trading 1/8 28-1/2. She predicts USX earn 18 ct share 2.73 dlrs loss 1986. Applebaum positive Armco Inland recommend stock November. Peter Marcus Painewebber Inc neutral earnings outlook improve third quarter. But see potential trouble beyond then. "I (steel) price booking basis start drop summer" said. Applebaum Salomon Brothers see seasonal dropoff year. "But positive negatives" cite reduce capacity domestic industry price weaker dollar cause steel import drop slightly year. Reuter 