While exchange revel continue security boom Dutch stockmarket remains lacklustre despite series largely positive annual corporate result sign stable dollar analyst said. Prices turnover Amsterdam Stock Exchange sprung low reach dollar dipped below guilder mark January. But market analyst low rate far rise dollar trading 2.09 guilder keep momentum going. "Between end-1982 end-1986 Dutch stock rise 150 pct dollar's sharp fall brake bull market" Philip Menco analyst bank CLN Oyens en van Eeghen. The dollar's current level compare average 1986 2.45 guilder 3.35 1985 official figure show. But Arjen Los analyst Dutch merchant bank Pierson Heldring en Pierson see optimism "The market exaggerate dollar affair. We've see bottom decline. But lack stimulus rate front" said. Analysts expect little impact provincial election Wednesday government's position secure. "The scope price rise Dutch share narrow limited low rates" Los add Dutch market currently dream return 15 pct see rise market elsewhere Europe. "When dollar slump half 1986 U.S. And U.K investor heavy seller Dutch stock. They enormous currency gain" Menco said. Finance Ministry figure show foreign investment Dutch stock fell nearly half 4.2 billion guilders. Los envisage significant revival foreign Dutch market. He liquid Dutch pension fund pursue aggressive portfolio management policy continue invest market weaker currencies. Outflows non-bank Dutch capital total record 21.4 billion guilder 12.3 billion stem security transactions. "Dutch institution rally buoyant foreign market season's result coax relatively underpriced Dutch market" Koos Ten Have Staal Bankiers said. Ten Have Dutch price/earnings ratio base forecast 1987 result broadly unchanged compare 1986. With average ratio 10 attractively low share exchange added. He reliability strong guilder far factor favour Dutch stock investments. Senior bank economist week's official economic forecast CPB planning agency paint gloomy picture Dutch economy shake investor confidence Dutch sector. The Dutch economy do relatively compare nation added. Analysts company fulfil expectation firm particularly food publishing surprised market continued solid profit growth despite major dollar sterling investments. Unexpectedly positive result company Unilever Plc-NV UN.AS> NV Philips Gloeilampenfabrieken PGLO.AS> Heineken NV HEIN.AS> balance poor performance bank achieve high profit partly reduce risk provisions. Analysts doubt insurance sector company stress negative impact low currency guilder earnings 1986. Food publishing see major growth area despite company significant activity U.K U.S. Food chain Ahold NV AHLN.AS> report 8.1 pct increase net 1986 profit profit grow 1987 due uncertainty dollar. Turnover decline 5.7 pct 11.4 billion guilders. About 1.5 billion guilder decline due low dollar third turnover volume achieve U.S. "Ahold cautious dollar" Los said. "As company continue maintain U.S. Activities fund expansion negative influence purely accounting effect." Koninklijke Wessanen NV WESS.AS> Heineken manage handsome profit increase 16.6 7.5 pct respectively blame disappoint turnover substantial overseas activity low dollar. Initial publishing result indicate bumper share sector ensure firm despite high price/earnings ratio range 12 14. REUTER 