The monetary authority major industrialise country lose credibility week dollar sell despite plea minister widespread central bank intervention dealer said. The dollar's fall below 150 yen follow month's Paris currency stabilisation agreement U.S. Japan West Germany Britain France Canada dramatic reversal success Group Five (G-5) 1985 New York Plaza meeting weaken dollar said. The G-5 market agree 1985 dollar overvalue market authority side dealer said. Apparent confusion rank G-5 nation encourage market challenge authority despite concert intervention central bank United States Japan Britain West Germany said. Pleas Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa action stabilise dollar match weekend comment U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker target zone dollar. The dollar sell anyway. Yesterday's comment Baker stood Paris accord reverse sentiment dealer said. The intervention back remark Fed Chairman Paul Volcker Japanese central bank governor Satoshi Sumita month ago brought dollar fall halt little slow rate decline noted. The situation raise question whether intervention succeed trend today's huge currency markets. Dealers market's cool response intervention reflect basic oversupply dollars. "This mean current dollar sell sheer speculative nature back real demand" Koichi Miyazaki deputy manager Sanwa Bank. Dealers dollar remain weak despite intervention matter operator try push below 148 yen. The dollar close Tokyo 149.40 New York's 149.30/40. Its record low 148.40 Tokyo Tuesday. Dealers dollar gain temporary support rise above 150 yen April Group Seven industrial nation meet discus currency again. The market expect seven nation (the Paris six plus Italy) try agree stabilise currency apart intervention chief dealer U.S. Bank said. Dealers unsure method sceptical anyway Paris accord nation particulary U.S. Will remain willing prevent far dollar fall continue U.S. Trade deficit especially Japan. Further pressure protectionist U.S. Congress low dollar limit Washington's option said. The market think central bank action slow dollar fall push 150 yen Tadahiko Nashimoto manager Long Term Credit Bank Japan. Another bearish factor dollar expect forward dollar sale April June export bill fall due Japanese exporter April September. The exporter delayed expectation far yen depreciation dealer said. Yesterday's request 30 trading house Ministry International Trade Industry restrict dollar sale look ineffective real demand said. The market anticipate active institutional dollar sale hedge currency risk bond holding start April 1 dealer said. "The market seem establish dollar trading range 147 149 yen" dealer said. The dollar trade 151 153 yen Paris accord February 22 150 yen consider low dollar yen said. Some dealer believe dollar fall below 148 yen pick renew downward momentum slide 145. REUTER 