New Irish Prime Minister Charles Haughey face debt-ridden economy produce harsh budget week impress financial market appease political opponent maintain tenuous hold analyst said. For Haughey fail win overall majority month's election scrap speaker parliament step cast vote decide tie vote Prime Minister. Heading minority government face stagnant economy weigh debt little manoeuvre. The debt reach 24.3 billion punt -- 10000 dlrs woman child island caput time size Mexico's. Its 19 pct unemployment rate high European Community 30000 youngster emigrate year. The 58 pct income tax level hardly raise again. Haughey decline tie specific promise election trail Ireland debt trap annual growth rate 2.5 pct compare central bank prediction 1.5 pct. Jobs top priority said. For crucial budget Haughey rule increase level government borrowing forecast "widespread cutback severe restriction across board." Finance Minister Ray MacSharry stress 187000 civil service job trim Ireland's annual wage bill 2.84 billion punts. "The question extent grasp nettle cut Tuesday's budget" Kevin Barry economist National City Brokers. "You cut Exchequer Borrowing Recquirement (EBR) substantially swiftly. He now" Barry said. Noting year's EBR 2.145 billion punt "Two billion news. The market already take view tough." "He absolutely maneouvre. He cannot spend stimulate economy. I don't news short-term." But analyst rule debt-servicing crisis mean call International Monetary Fund (IMF). "It's easy borrow aboard" added. The steady rise sterling currency Ireland's main trading partner boost Irish exporter country record 31 mln punt trade surplus February 10th surplus row. Political uncertainty major factor punt main political party essentially conservative major economic policy switch expected. New Fine Gael leader Alan Dukes replace oust Prime Minister Garret Fitzgerald main opposition party pledge Haughey's budget expect get tough. Haughey short overall majority rely support independent deputy opposition party vote him. But today's climate economic austerity politician risk return poll soon Haughey cling brings belt-tightening budget week political commentator say. The debt-laden economy preoccupation push firmly background Haughey's ultimate dream Ireland British north. H.J. Heinz chairman Tony O'Reilly successful Irishmen international stress frontal attack debt argue "many child lose faith future." "Were uptick rate precipitous decline parity effect economy provision service government catastrophic" said. This island 3.5 mln living beyond mean spending spree welfare benefit finance economic growth. REUTER 