A cut half percentage Dutch official rate prospect economist timing depend Bundesbank moves. Speculation rife Dutch Central Bank encourage strong guilder/mark relationship wide premium Dutch money capital market rate German low rate Bundesbank move first. Last month Central Bank lower special advance rate 5.1 pct 5.25 pct Bundesbank drop repurchase tender rate 3.55 pct 3.8 pct. That rate remain force hold above five pct official secure loan rate governs commercial bank borrowings. Given strong guilder far fall West German repo rate trigger low special advance tariff force official Dutch rate cut analyst said. In February Bundesbank cut discount rate pct 3.5 pct Central Bank lower money market rate remove surcharge secure loan rate lending month credit quota. Since Central Bank Finance Ministry clear favour low official rates. In April Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg follow Bundesbank cut week Finance Ministry express satisfaction raise 2.25 billion guilder six pct coupon loan price 100.10 pct effective yield 5.98 pct low 1965. Technically analyst difference secure loan rate applies lending credit quota tariff special advance add extra liquidity money market. Bank economist dealer West German move far low rate security repurchase pact result Central Bank ease special advance rate provide guilder/mark relationship permitted. The Central Bank aim keep guilder stable parity value European Monetary System 112.673 guilder 100 marks. Today foreign exchange buying push mark 10 guilder cent 112.705 guilder 100 fix level permit change rate differential West Germany Netherlands dealer said. An economist ABN Bank expect West German Dutch rate ease short term. However wage agreement West Germany raise inflation expectation upward pressure rate longer term. In Netherlands inflation outlook 1987 nil negative late official economic forecast fall rate economic growth. "It depend outcome collective wage agreement negotiation whether cost push inflation" ABN economist said. He Dutch money supply growth ran 3.4 pct January contribute inflation. At Amro Bank lead analyst inflation run pct year. The bank expect Dutch capital market rate currently average 6.1 pct stop ease half stabilize 5.6 pct. Analysts official rate cut trigger buying spree bond market bring yield probably temporarily money rate fall below five pct. Currently period trade 5.12 5.25 pct money market. REUTER 