Stocks fell steeply 2400 level avalanche sell unleashed jump credit market rate renew fear dollar fall further. After extend rally hit all-time closing 2405.54 Monday Dow Jones industrial average skid 44.60 point 2360.94 fifth-largest drop record. --- WASHINGTON - Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker agreement stable foreign exchange rates. Speaking hour-long meeting Baker Miyazawa satisfied U.S. intervention support dollar yen. He expect Group Seven country due meet tomorrow reaffirm so-called Louvre accord stabilize foreign exchange rates. --- NEW YORK - The dollar bounce high near close trading stock bond market steep slide trader await result top-level meeting Washington commit themselves. --- NEW YORK - Texaco Inc Texas Court Appeals block enforcement 10.3 billion dlr judgment bond won Pennzoil Co appeal decided. Texaco Monday pay full bond force seek protection Chapter 11 Bankruptcy code. --- NEW YORK - AFG Industries Inc Wagner Brown end hostile bid acquire GenCorp Inc company's dramatic announcement Monday sweep anti-takeover measures. GenCorp diversified manufacturing concern announce 1.6 billion dlr 130 dlr share buyback 54 percent stock sale tire soft drink bottle units. --- NEW YORK - A firm comprise E.F. Hutton Group unit Purolator Courier Corp executive agree 268 mln dlr pact buy Purolator allow Emery Air Freight Corp proceed 306 mln dlr bid world's large ground carrier. In response Emery renew request merger Basking Ridge N.J.-based courier service. --- NEW YORK - ITT Corp authorize repurchase 10 million share common prefer stock enhance earnings shareholder value. ITT redeem series prefer stock. --- PARIS - Airbus Industrie European airplane manufacturer buy engine propose A340 wide-body jet joint-venture link General Electric Co. SNECMA France. The move boost GE's aerospace division bad news International Aero Engine consortium. The IAE select provide engine A340 December earlier GE engine drop plane. International Aero Engine include world's lead engine manufacturer Rolls-Royce Pratt  Whitney Japan's Aero Engines. --- WASHINGTON - Michael Davidoff trader Ivan Boesky's Seemala Corp consent Securities Exchange Commission penalities agree continue investigation insider trading SEC said. Davidoff recently plead guilty federal court violate government's net capital requirement broker traders. --- NEW YORK - Several major computer company launch computer Italy's Olivetti become major firm promise product compete International Business Machines' personal computer launch week. Motorola Wang Laboratories Unisys Honeywell Bull launch product see modest advance product lines. --- NEW YORK - Avon Products Inc world's lead cosmetic manufacturer purchase Giorgio Inc maker best-selling Giorgio perfume 185 mln dlrs cash. Reuter 