Personal taxation emerge major economic issue Finnish election month Conservative gain mark shift towards indirect taxation accelerate move towards market-oriented banking practice economist say. Opinion poll indicate Conservative Party Finland's large gain clout election join coalition government likely dominate Social Democrats Prime Minister Kalevi Sorsa. But economist Conservative economic policy differ slightly governments' trade Soviet Union affected. Helsinki banker government include Conservatives 20 bring shift direct indirect taxation. The coalition Social democrat Centrists embark tax reform programme cut marginal taxation 75 pct high income scales. The opposition call reform differ regain lose revenues. One Conservative favour possibility abolish tax exemption bank deposit government bonds. Hannu Halttunen Helsinki bank Kansallis-Osake-Pankki (KOP) told Reuters "We free set rate create deposit suit individual investors. If tax introduce prefer taxation real gains." Under law bank customer exempt tax bank jointly rates. Bankers encourage cartel-style banking hinder tougher inter-bank competition. A London-based Nordic banking expert liberalisation strong word Finnish context Conservative presence dislodge traditional practices. "It probably result practice see elsewhere grow quickly Finland" reference money market instruments. All party especially Conservatives careful avoid make Finnish-Soviet trade election issue. Moscow Finland's large trading partner. Until ago Conservative Party see anti-communist moderate stance political analyst say. Trade Helsinki Moscow base barter balance long-term accords. In January country sign 1987 agreement worth 30 billion markka trade past decline due fall price crude oil account 80 pct Finnish import Soviet Union. The banker taxation major economic theme campaign issues. Inflation 3.4 pct 1986 compare 5.9 pct 1985 unemployment increase slightly 6.1 pct workforce 1985 year's level 6.7 pct. The Social democrat 1986 double country's foreign trade surplus compare 1985 2.50 billion markka 5.04 billion markka. Opinion poll Sorsa's Social Democrats remain large party 200-seat Parliament 26 pct vote. They currently hold 57 seats. The Centre Party major coalition partner expect hold 37 seats. But increase Conservative support decline Communists force Sorsa allow Conservatives government. They currently hold 44 seats. REUTER 