European Community (EC) finance minister central banker agree great cooperation strengthen European Monetary System (EMS) international market turbulence official said. "There reinforce European Monetary System implies" Belgian Finance Minister Mark Eyskens yesterday host one-day session informal talk Belgian coastal resort. The gathering discussion major realignment EMS parity nine month January. The severe strain fund flow slump dollar dominant EMS currency West German mark send soar weaker currency system. But Eyskens February's agreement lead western industrialise nation stabilise exchange rate current level work allow EC speed effort boost internal stability EMS. He told news conference yesterday's meeting agree closer coordination EMS member government rate policy rate differential countries. They agree need coordination exchange market intervention hold currency stable reach fix EMS limit agree margins. But Eyskens coordination raise range technical problem minister discus far Luxembourg June basis proposal EC's Monetary Committee Committee Central Bank Governors. He EC need indicator economic convergence betwen Community country rate fulfil role together exchange rate inflation rates. The Belgian minister whose country presently hold presidency community clear meeting produce agreement move radically forward develop EMS towards EC's term goal economic monetary integration. "We commit ourselves reestablish normal function system" Eyskens said. Eyskens repeatedly stress believe EMS reinforce EC's plan liberalise movement capital across border 1992 ahead. EC executive Commission President Jacques Delors told meeting authority forward proposal final phase capital market liberalisation October include safeguard clause member country move create difficulties. Eyskens minister central banker discuss "dedramatise" realignments EMS parity let high-ranking monetary official carry telephone call meeting finance ministers. However West German source Bonn Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg unenthusiastic idea. British Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson told journalist technical issue raise great coordination exchange market intervention question currency intervene held central bank reserves. He EMS member country believe EMS central bank held other's currency -- issue particular importance regard West Germany Bundesbank hold dollar foreign exchange reserves. He debate dedramatising EMS realignments reflect feel participant January reshuffle conduct unsatisfactory. The realignment marked acrimony France West Germany blame strain force parity overhaul. REUTER 