MTS Acquisition Corp> company form Martin T. Sosnoff start tender offer share Caesars World Inc 28 dlrs each. In newspaper advertisement MTS offer withdrawal right expire April Three unless extended. Sosnoff New York investor already own mln Caesars' 30.3 mln share outstanding 13.3 pct Caesars' large shareholder. Caesars own casino hotel Nevada honeymoon resort Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains. It control Caesars New Jersey Inc CJN> own Atlantic City N.J. casino hotel. For quarter end January 31 Caesars World earn 12.6 mln dlrs revenue 190.4 mln dlrs earnings 7500000 dlrs revenue 163.8 mln dlrs before. For fiscal 1986 company earn 41.0 mln dlrs revenue 694.4 mln dlrs. MTS offer condition receipt share Sosnoff majority fully dilute basis arrangement sufficient financing buy Caesars share already own pay related cost approval New Jersey Casino control Commission NEvada Gaming Commission State Gaming Control Board. MTS Marine Midland Banks Inc MM> commit lend 100 mln dlrs acquisition effort syndicate 400 mln dlrs senior financing transaction. It financial adviser PaineWebber Group Inc PWJ> state write subject market condition highly confident arrange commitment 475 mln dlrs "mezzanine" financing. MTS expect problem obtain New Jersey Nevada regulatory approval acquisition ownership Caesars stake already cleared. In June 1986 Sosnoff request seat Caesars World board request yet granted. In September 1986 Sosnoff chairman Atalanta/Sosnoff Capital Corp> file clearance U.S. antitrust law raise Caesars World 25 pct. Sosnoff letter Caesars World chairman chief executive officer Henry Gluck "The decision directly shareholder urge financial legal advisor repeatedly stress lack responsiveness management past." Sosnoff numerous effort express view management way maximize shareholder value Caesars twicce refuse request board seat. "My adviser I advance notice throw obstacle offer give serious consideration" said. Sosnoff hope Caesars World management willing negotiate acquisition agreement him. "As I indicate publicly past I believe operating management company perform appropriate consideration significant equity company follow acquisition" Sosnoff letter Gluck. MTS Sosnoff company fix March 27 record date determination shareholder entitle authorize action meeting -- include election removal directors. Reuter 