Traders financial center Asia generally welcome U.S. Night session future trading start Chicago April 30. Traders Japan Sydney Hong Kong expect move bring benefit trader banker Singapore pose serious threat Singapore International Monetary Exchange (SIMEX). The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Washington give unanimous approval Chicago Board Trade's (CBT) proposal Tuesday. The CBT plan offer future U.S. Treasury note bond option future 1800 2100 hr Chicago (2300 0200 gmt) Mondays Thursdays. The session mark start trading close day. The propose hour design coincide busiest morning trading hour Japan. But Andrea Corcoran chief CFTC's division trading market Tuesday expect even session attract primarily U.S. Firms look additional overnight protection. Traders Tokyo session expect expand U.S. Treasury bond trading volume enlarge daily fluctuation range Tokyo. They Japanese financial institution interested use overseas future market wait finance ministry approval so. Approval expect month. The foreign branch financial institution already trade future practice little them. But trader timing launch poor ten period Tokyo holidays. The Tokyo trader holiday little trading expect May 5. Tokyo bond manager participation limited lack experienced future trader Tokyo. The Sydney Futures Exchange (SFE) hop four-hour trading overlap CBT hour boost activity Sydney's eurodollar U.S. Treasury bond contract spokesman Stephen Calder said. The eurodollar contract link London International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE). Calder turnover contract disappointingly low introduce October. He CBT move broaden arbitrage opportunity SFE traders. "With late even lead Chicago there's chance deal afternoon" said. But Singapore news CBT move welcomed. A senior executive Japanese security firm operating Singapore told Reuters: "Expanding global link future market mean SIMEX add Chicago London Sydney list rivals." "LIFFE cut far SIMEX contract U.S treasury bond contract off-set CBOT" Singapore-based Japanese trader said. Such contract expect said. Other SIMEX trader local Sydney treasury bond contract boost Sydney exchange establish three-way link Chicago London. LIFFE sign memorandum understand CBOT link. "If link-up materializes trader likely by-pass SIMEX" trader. Hong Kong commodity trader welcome CFTC's decision add local investor interested financial futures. "I move increase market share here" Joseph Tan manager Bache Securities (HK) Ltd>. He Bache local unit U.S. Commodity house participate Chicago's rregular hour trading extend business. Local Hong Kong house welcome move spokesman Shun Loong Co investor interested stock index currency future available. Futures contract local Hang Seng index increasingly popular introduce market May 1986. (See ECRA Spotlight Index) REUTER 