U.S. lawmaker gear showdown protectionist free trader major trade bill wind committee vote full House Representatives late April. In move toughen U.S. enforcement trade law key House subcommittee week approve toned-down version legislation require President Reagan retaliate foreign country follow unfair trade practices. The bill cornerstone congressional effort restore competitiveness American industry turn year's record 169 billion dlrs trade deficit. Generally bill's provision toughen U.S. enforcement trade laws. The trade bill force administration act rapidly complaint unfair trade practice dump product United States price below cost production. It force administration act rapidly industry complains surge import threatens existence. In write bill subcommittee reject call trade relief specific industry textiles. Several lawmaker argue trade bill concession Reagan intend amendment "get tough" country violate trade agreement keep U.S. products. But congressman know allegiance free trade bill tie Reagan's hand trade dispute seek restore negotiate powers. Bill Frenzel R-MI. subcommittee's bill "that free trader endorse respects" emphasize consensus lawmaker bill Reagan Republicans ultimately endorse. The goal trade legislation "to trade policy strong violate international trade agreements" said. In key concession urge Ways Means Committee chairman Dan Rostenkowski D-IL. trade subcommittee back requirement force Reagan impose automatically quota tariff import country engage unfair trade practices. It agree president waive retaliation hurt U.S. economy. Rostenkowski insist moderate approach necessary House want pas bill Reagan sign law. Reagan block Senate consideration tough House trade bill brand protectionist reluctantly agree support trade bill Democratic leader determine pas legislation. White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporter late week administration bill's provision add "Generally feel bipartisan consideration trade legislation. I progress well." The battle week full House Ways Means Committee considers amendment Rep. Richard Gephardt D-MO. force country Japan South Korea Taiwan cut trade surplus U.S. The subcommittee limited Gephardt plan provide existence trade surplus United States trigger investigation unfair trade practice automatically retaliation. Organized labor press lawmaker relief import job lose foreign competition. AFL-CIO president Lane Kirkland angered administration trade bill Reagan sign worth passage Congress. But Rostenkowski tone trade debate say "I'm try write legislation please Lane Kirkland. I'm try write legislation sign president." Rep. Ed Jenkins (D-GA.) intend push separately bill protect domestic textile shoe industry aide said. Reagan vetoed similar measure year. House Speaker Jim Wright Texas influential proponent aid specific industry beset low-priced foreign competition week renew call import relief domestic oil industry announce support Senate plan trigger temporary oil import tariff import reach half domestic consumption. Reuter 