The United States appear won transatlantic battle force Bundesbank trim rate European economist said. But add Washington stake test limit Louvre accord global stock market plunging. West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker reaffirm commitment currency stability secret meeting yesterday Frankfurt accord official statement release late Monday. Only 13 hour statement release Bundesbank reduce short-term rate offering bank liquidity fix bid rate 3.80 pct 3.85 pct facility rate offer week. While minister meeting Bundesbank president Karl Otto Poehl central bank add money market liquidity repeatedly signal strong rise tender allocation rate Tuesday. "It's round Americans " Richard Reid senior European economist broker UBS/Philips Drew London. But Reid add "We shouldn't forget take big stock market crash decade West Germans cut security repurchase rate 0.05 percentage point." Over weekend criticism Baker earlier tighten West German monetary policy lead sharp dollar fall fuel speculation Louvre accord longer valid. Six lead industrial nation agree February's Louvre Accord stabilise currency coordinate monetary policies. It reaffirm Group Seven - US Japan West Germany Britain France Italy Canada. The Frankfurt meeting Monday soothe currency market dollar gain pfennig hour trading New York. At Frankfurt fix Tuesday dollar quote 1.7918 mark compare 1.7740 Monday. Guenther Aschoff chief economist Deutsche Genossenschaftbank Frankfurt massive decline stock market main reason fall West German short-term rate Tuesday. "The Bundesbank want marker stock market losses... That responsible fit Baker's wish better" said. No central bank want rate rise Bundesbank force rate follow rise U.S. Aschoff said. Poehl told conference Frankfurt Tuesday central bank high capital market rate global rate increase cause concern. Giles Keating economist Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd London "The cautious Bundesbank beaten retreat Baker won battle...But hasn't won security repurchase rate 20 point high IMF meeting month Washington." Before IMF meeting Louvre Accord reaffirm Bundesbank offering money market liquidity 3.60 pct Keating noted. Economists United States appear agree play rule Louvre Accord support dollar return German action rates. Any far sharp decline dollar hinder Washington's effort reduce trade deficit Stoltenberg told news conference Tuesday. He add rule central bank lead industrial country intervene exchange market defend dollar's value. Deutsche Genossenschaftbank's Aschoff stress West Germany's heavy dependence export currency stability. In addition U.S. And West German central bank keen avoid dollar slide force spend vast sum intervene support dollar. REUTER 