The six basis rise past month U.S. debt future extend week series U.S. economic report analyst dollar hold firm. "Interest rate decline approximately 50 basis point month largely indication inflation fear narrow U.S. trade balance nominal terms" Samuel Kahan chief financial economist Kleinwort Benson Government Securities said. Kahan recent government report show strength economy quarter concern whether U.S. economy sustain strength longer term. Weak U.S. economic growth hurt dollar direction debt future beneficial impact rate sluggish economy. The median trade expectation Tuesday's U.S. Consumer Price Index Durable Goods report 0.4 pct 1.5 pct respectively. Meanwhile eight billion dlr drop M-1 money supply announce week "surprising large expected" accord Kahan. "Unless quickly reversed" trend "will ensure June M-1 growth negative" Kahan said. Taken conjunction M-2 M-3 aggregate Kahan "slowed crawl below Federal Reserve Board annual targets" consequence hint economic weakness road said. Based chart formation T-bond future poise far gain advance slow recently analyst said. September T-bonds "are six point May 18" Merrill Lynch debt analyst Jim Duggan noted. September bond future climbed low 87 month ago 93 mid-June Duggan said. While follow-through buying aid advance bout short cover prohibit slide chart support rally September T-bonds thwart above 93 level. "The 93 level formidable resistance take activity anything trading range market" Carroll McEntee McGinley Futures debt analyst Brian Singer said. The dollar remains key fundamental factor U.S. currency little headway late analyst said. "The critical variable remain market value dollar" Kahan said. Additional influence week development ahead OPEC meeting impact size U.S. budget deficit "although forefront market week" Kahan said. In look ahead U.S. Treasury mini-refunding auction 24.25 billion T-notes Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Singer market likely greet result little excitement. However successful auction prove turn depend prevail market psychology. Reuter 