The Brazilian Coffee Institute IBC unlikely disclose future export policy week early trade source said. IBC president Jorio Dauster meeting government minister producer exporter market analyst ass Brazil's position failure talk London earlier month International Coffee Organization ICO export quotas. "The failure talk mean Brazil rethink position completely" Santos exporter said. A meeting National Coffee Policy Council Thursday March 19 Dauster certainly explain plan announce measures. Dauster told reporter return London week decision export held talk sector industry. Exporters Dauster pressure start marketing coffee immediately. World price recover low follow collapse ICO talk Brazil sell reasonable 5.5 mln bag 60 kilo export month year. The exporter key factor eventual opening May June export registration amount contribution quota set. With little expectation sale incentive mechanism discount bonus price fall guarantee introduce level quota decisive determine competitiveness Brazilian coffee market said. They note February 16 eve plan increase quota April registration open close 1.68 mln bag register export record amount single day. If May/June registration open similar condition Brazil difficulty sell 2.0 mln bag month. "The limit sales" exporter said. Brazil's foreign trade payment problem mean pressure government boost export maximise foreign exchange earnings. However source expect IBC adopt marketing strategy aim regain Brazil's dominant position exporter cause price war. General opinion exporter Brazil plan export 17 18 mln bag 1.5 2.0 mln non-members ICO. The 15.5 mln 16 mln bag sell figure Brazil offer ship ICO quota reintroduce Dauster offer expire breakdown talks. With prospect crop 28 mln bag Brazil capacity export 20 mln bag meeting local consumption 7.0 mln source added. However source Brazil unlikely consider export quantity inevitably lead fall price Brazil try encroach producers' markets. Maximum export earnings achieve orderly marketing traditional amount re-establishing Brazil's market share year's unusually low export 9.9 mln bag enable rebuild stock maintain cordial relation producer back Brazil's stance ICO talk added. Reuter 