Bank Montreal BMO.M> Chairman William Mulholland reasonably optimistic debt negotiation Brazil commercial bank creditor accomplish satisfactorily run. "It's bit rocky short term ... couple month ... I be reasonably optimistic longer term" told press briefing here. Earlier Mulholland announce Bank Montreal formally apply swap 100 mln dlrs roughly billion dlr cross border exposure Brazil local equity investment novel conversion scheme. Tensions run Brazil bank creditor President Jose Sarney impose unilateral suspension payment 68 billion dlrs commercial bank debt February 20 banker said. Only yesterday lead U.S. bank voluntarily Brazilian loan non-accrual status hefty cut net income quarter end March 31. Bankers clear refusal intimidate grant major concession forthcoming refinance talks. Bank Montreal's Mulholland regret Brazil's action decline discus action bank take. Mulholland merely Bank Montreal cancel short-term credit line renewal March 31. However John Bradlow senior vice president corporate goverment banking division Bank Montreal follow U.S. banks' lead quarter result accounting. "A decision April 30 week May" told reporter briefing. Unlike major U.S. bank whose reporting end December 31 Canadian bank operate November October basis. At press briefing Mulholland detailed propose debt/equity conversion scheme aim boost investment capital conserve foreign exchange reserves. Unlike exist program Bank Montreal intend sell dollar-denominated debt par either obligor local investor cruzados plough Brazilian assets. Mulholland current debt/equity scheme bank debt sell foreign third party discount "peddling debt fire sale prices". He add pyschological harm investor confidence. While acknowledge Brazil yet official blessing plan Mulholland predict "if support this." Sources bank sizeable exposure Brazil sure scheme's success. "I don't it's fly impact money supply political reasons" banker note earlier informal proposal line receive "fairly neutral responses." "And market investment uncertainty" added. Mulholland admit "it experiment.... screw courage something." "It avenue (to reverse net capital outflows) broadened" add note recent option narrowing. Another senior banker agree debt/equity swap proposal Bank Montreal's explore developed warn Brasilia "very ambivalent" debt/equity scheme far. The banker add "debt/equity conversion happen major instrument solve debt problems." Reuter 