New U.S. Banking data suggest Federal Reserve guide monetary policy steady path signal imminent change course economist said. But money supply growth remains weak week's unexpected eight billion dlr M-1 decline suggests influence Fed loosen credit rein move accommodative monetary policy. A Reuter survey 17 money market economist produce forecast 600 mln dlr M-1 decline week end June 8 estimate range gain billion dlrs decline billion. Instead M-1 fell eight billion dlrs 745.7 billion dlrs seasonally adjust annual rate. Coming heel 4.3 billion decrease M-1 week end June 1 mean nation's money supply fall 12 billion dlrs past week economist said. "M-1 hit air pocket weakness" Bill Sullivan Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. While M-1 lose significance indicator economic growth Sullivan Fed official concerned late drop M-1 mean month sluggish growth broader monetary aggregate M-2 M-3 see gauge economic growth. Latest monthly M-2 M-3 data show May measure grow rate below bottom Fed's 5-1/2 8-1/2 pct target ranges. If money growth accelerate Fed official concerned indicates economic growth flag turn easy monetary policy economist said. "Does mean Fed abandon current market position? No" Sullivan said. "But mean tighten being? Definitely yes." Economists average adjust discount window borrowing 385 mln dlrs late two-week bank statement period low expected. Most believe Fed targetted two-week borrowing average 500 mln dlrs. But one-day net miss Fed's reserve projection high borrowing target probably reached. A drop May U.S. Housing start continued weakness auto sale show key sector U.S. Economy lag recent modest 0.3 pct gain May producer price help dispel inflation fear Slifer said. "If continue entertain notion Fed ease point" said. Other economist Fed probably pay little attention weak money supply growth. "It M-1 sign what's economy" said. "I don't M-1 show economy fall apart Fed ease." Economists agree stable dollar continue prerequisite move Fed easy monetary policy. They Fed reluctant low short-term rate fear spur expectation weaker dollar high inflation push long-term yield choke econmomic growth. But Sullivan dollar steady late April. "The Fed determine represent fundamental change dollar. If give ease" said. REUTER 