The dollar expect decline far come day scepticism mount effectiveness month's Paris accord stabilise currency exchange rate senior foreign exchange dealer said. Following fall record 148.40 yen dealer expect dollar establish trading range 147 150 yen market try push down. Behind late dollar fall lie belief month's accord longer stop operator push dollar dealer said. "The recent remark U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker Paris accord target range major currency cast shadow agreement" Koji Kidokoro manager Mitsui Bank Ltd's treasury division. He market interpret indicate U.S. Would favour weaker dollar little intention intervene support currency. "This eliminate widespread market caution joint central bank intervention" Kidokoro said. Dealers dollar gather renew downward momentum Bank Japan intervention alone hardly contain far slide currency. They central bank bought 1.5 billion dlrs include direct purchase broker yesterday bought amount dollar U.S. Central bank New York. Most dealer doubt U.S. Federal Reserve intervene account support dollar occur dollar fell below 148 yen. "If dollar drop low level reduce flow foreign capital U.S. Securities Americans don't want" Haruya Uehara chief money market manager Mitsubishi Trust Banking Corp. He dollar return 152 yen month corporation reduce dollar sale close book 1986/87 end March 31. But dealer longer-term outlook dollar remain bearish. This due lacklustre performance U.S. Economy continue U.S. Trade deficit Japanese delay announce economic stimulation package. "The Americans get frustrate Japan's inertia stimulate economy" Hirozumi Tanaka assistant manager Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd's international treasury division. In Paris currency accord Japan promise package economic measure fiscal 1987 budget pass boost domestic demand increase import reduce trade surplus. The package expect April debate budget delayed opposition boycott parliamentary propose introduction sale tax. In circumstance government slim chance produce meaningful economic package near future Dai-Ichi Kangyo's Tanaka said. Dealers step take stimulate Japanese economy protectionist sentiment U.S. Congress grow downward pressure dollar. REUTER 