Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Congress consider limit generic commodity certificate mean cut government spending. "I suspect budget debate we're floor it" Leahy refer proposal U.S. Agriculture Department save money substitute cash outlay payment-in-kind PIK certificate price income support programs. "I feel PIK cost define top area look savings" Leahy told hearing Senate Agriculture Committee. The Congressional Budget Office estimate government save 1.4 billion dlrs fiscal 1988-92 curbed generic certificate ban so-called "PIK roll" transactions. Several Democratic senator harsh comment generic certificates. "We're try care bad situation -- surpluses--by depress price. I don't benefits" Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa). "I don't benefit drive price low low low time." But Sen. Rudy Boschwitz support certificates. "By I'm favorably impressed PIK certificates. I feel helpful" Boschwitz. As expect official General Accounting Office U.S. Agriculture Department indicate estimate cost PIK certificate compare cash outlay apart. The General Accounting Office GAO told committee PIK certificate increase total Commodity Credit Corp outlay 1987 107 mln 653 mln dlrs. GAO increase offset commodity storage cost saving beween 169 mln 253 mln dlrs. Pressed committee GAO Senior Associate Director Brian Crowley government spending probably 450 mln dlrs above payment cash counting storage savings. Crowley PIK certificate lower price corn boost domestic consumption corn. Agriculture Undersecretary Daniel Amstutz told committee additional cost use PIK certificate storage handle transportation cost "balance closely." Amstutz estimate net cost use certificate pct high use cash payments. William Bailey USDA deputy administrator planning "one hundred issue I either incorrect (in GAO report) disagree (GAO) fact inconsistent what's on." Amstutz GAO USDA option "providing input" preparation report "as frequently do." The USDA undersecretary concede certificate marketing loan similar effect "putting good market" department support certificate continue oppose marketing loan wheat feedgrains cost much. Reuter 