Purolator Courier corp's stock rise specualtion disgruntle former Purolator director suitor company trader said. Purolator agree late February 35 dlr-a-share 265 mln-dlr offer E.F. Hutton LBO Inc Purolator courier division's management. The stock hit 36-1/4 one. Today Purolator reveal filing Securities Exchange Commission director Doresy Gardner resign board director letter date March 10. The letter Gardner resign board merger agreement Hutton bar director solicit offer believe shareholder deal. Gardner believe offer found company agree sell entity sell U.S. courier division. "Basically (the courier division) company 450 mln dlrs revenues. It's company it's sell 50 60 mln dlrs" Gardner telephone interview Reuters. Gardner official Kelso Management firm associate Fidelity International Ltd. A Fidelity company own eight pct Purolator Gardner personally own 20000 shares. A Purolator official company comment letter Gardner. Arbitragers speculate overnight messenger service emerge likely bidder Purolator. Before transaction Hutton LBO announce analyst speculate courier company likely suitor. While arbitrager acknowledge bidder possibility appear push stock play again. "There's shortage possibilities. It's question management's willingness process continue" arbitrager. Arbitragers buyer found believe Hutton LBO take risk transaction. Hutton begin tender 83 pct Purolator 35 dlrs cash share. The balance Purolator's stock bought security warrant company hold U.S. courier operations. The arbitrager tender offer document show Hutton cash transaction emerge giant majority equity Purolator. "As I tell document deal that's table Hutton basically put zero. One like situation that. You deal risk someone else higher" arbitrager. The firm supply temporary financing source close transaction dispute claim firm pay equity position. While scenario mention tender offer document note E.F. Hutton Group subsidiary keep cash transaction source risk firm. "There variety contingency restrict cash sort speculative" source add severance payment employees. The E.F. Hutton Group subsidiary supply 279 mln dlrs so-called "bridge" financing transaction. The bridge financing temporary loan Hutton. The financing replace permanent financing expect banks. However replace financing source result substantial expense firm. Gardner Hutton stand gain fee 10 20 mln dlrs transaction source close transaction fee low scale. "It's complex transaction basically happens ostensibly money fee recapture investment merger take place" Gardner said. Reuter 