Cascading global stock price evoke grim memory market crash 1929 analyst remind investor safeguard stash saving mattress. But banking security law write depression prevent repeat dismal era protection considered. And analyst caution law deal problem lawmaker can't legislate fear--which help drive New York Stock Exchange record 508-point Dow Jones index loss Monday. That 22.6 percent loss nearly double Oct 29 1929 loss 11.7 percent. On market fell nearly 13 cent. In series Reuters interview government congressional private analyst agree safeguard exist avoid repeat 1929 depression aftermath. Charles Schultze chairman president's Council Economic Advisers Jimmy Carter interview "the safeguard adequate avoid repeat 1929 1933." "The safeguard fine" "The safeguard adequate prevent cascade liquidity failure. That's overall dollar trade deficits." Schultze Brookings Institution think-tank point weak Federal Reserve 1920s "the Fed act wrong 1929--it tighten money." Similarly President Reagan's budget manager James Miller told Reuters safeguard adequate. And millionaire oilman takeover specialist T. Boone Pickens safeguard avoid 1929 situation. "It sophisticated I don't comparison valid." Marvin Kosters director economic policy study conservative American Enterprise Institute think safeguard work. "The main understand Federal Reserve responsibility maintain liquidity economy" said. "There reason (market fall) need spread real economy. Maybe it's happen all." Rex Hardesty huge labor confederation AFL-CIO safeguard work say "only one-third unemployed receive benefits." He call increase 3.35 dlr minimum wage raise 1981. One main appear 1987 1929 market psychology analyst out. During anything go day flapper bathtub gin stock market road rich capture saving shoeshine boy bank presidents. It view highway heaven turn back. But happy day soon collapse nationwide hysterical panic stock market crash wipe paper million lose saving average investor panic in. Brokers leap Wall Street skyscrapers. American bank close "holiday" 1933 depositor clamor pull savings. The depression follow lead World War II. Images day surface unprecedented sell Monday analyst maintain time different. House Banking committee specialist Jake Lewis bank investor fear saving completely back government. Even record bank failure --145 148 today--everyone receive savings--unlike million lose bank collapse 60 ago. Banking deposit uninsured fully insured government 100000 dlrs saver. As depression swept nation President Franklin Roosevelt steer law sweep banking security reform deal problem lead crash hurt afterwards. Reuter 