General Motors Corp's relationship hourly employee ugly security analyst discord forebodes tough talk fall labor contract General Motors. General Motors' dealing United Auto Workers mar recent month strike contract rejection show sign improve try regain lead Ford Motor Co F> richest U.S. auto company. Analysts automaker endure major strike fall situation resolved. "There lot tension worker GM" say Michael Luckey analyst Shearson Lehman Brothers. Last week's four-day walkout 9000 UAW worker Pontiac Mich. follow longer strike General Motors part plant past rejection propose contract facilities. Analysts Pontiac strike hit company. Other plant strike likely chance UAW call company-wide walkout GM fall say Luckey. "There chance strike" say Salomon Brothers analyst Jean-Claude Gruet. "GM act welcome strike" Ron Glantz analyst Montgomery Securities. "It experience UAW strike don't like. They don't GM" say Glantz. General Motors face wildcat strike walkout local union unit endorse union's central committee analyst said. General Motors comment talk say seek "world-class competitor." Elements tough labor talk place. "There lot pressure sides. (General Motors chairman Roger) Smith pressure stockholders. The union fight protect members. Something give" Luckey says. The consensus Wall Street General Motors chosen "strike target" main company negotiate fall talk decide three-year contract. "You feel talk GM strike target (they feel) Ford capitulate easily" say Glantz. The negotiation expect begin late July decide major wage benefit job security issue cover U.S. autoworkers. The current contract expires September 15. Job security "outsourcing" subcontract job non-UAW labor expect main issues. "You're rough negotiation particularly can't outsource issue decided" say former General Motors human relation executive. Some analyst UAW decides focus wage pick Ford strike target Ford's high earnings year. "You situation UAW bargain separately" break historical pattern say Luckey. The car building dealer showroom indicate General Motors prepare confrontation union analyst say. The company 95 days' supply car dealer showroom March Lucky estimates. Analysts 50 65-days' supply normal. General Motors want enter negotiation "with inventory won't feel six-week strike" say Glantz. Some industry despite closing 11 plant indefinite layoff 37000 worker far closing layoff coming. A General Motors spokesman say "too early" whether plant closure issue talks. The former General Motors executive say closure likely UAW agreement reach add "you're contract" says. Lucky say 10 pct General Motors's component plant "red list" company likely shut. "It miracle survive" says. Reuter 