Congress return Easter recess ready annual Spring budget battle promise partisan dispute. The budget fight pit Democrats President Reagan Republicans expect underway week Senate late week week. It take prominence current trade woes. That budget problem associate huge deficit root related international trade friction currently worry financiers. As dollar slide downward global market stock exchange gyrate wildly trade dispute involve United States Japan spread fear major trade trading giant World War II. Ostensibly dispute U.S. charge Japan refuse market semi-conductor chip result U.S. tariff double price Japanese television computers. Behind element brewing trade neither want dilemma U.S. budget deficit. Some analyst financial market wake economic reality huge debt cannot continue grow repercussions. A portion U.S. debt finance foreigner accumulate trade surpluses. But withdraw support result far problem include high rate Americans. In nutshell U.S. budget process move showdown stage Congress. Reagan's trillion dollar spending budget government 1988 start Oct. 1 trounce badly House April 9. The Senate take plan similar pass House call slash deficit estimate 171 billion dlr level 134 billion dlrs defense domestic spending cut 18.5 billion dlrs unspecified taxes. As Senate prepares budget plan majority Democrats predict passage bill protract partisan battle. In House Republican vote budget pass 230 192. In Senate none Reagan's Republicans vote budget pass Senate Budget Committee full Senate consideration. A key Senate Budget Committee source told Reuters believe unusual unanimous opposition design congressional Republicans tacit approval White House. "Republicans Democrats heat tax hike defense cuts" said. In come week source Democrats press bipartisan budget seek negotiate budget Reagan -- already oppose idea. But "it clear Republicans act" added. He Republicans propose plan low tax defense spending offer Reagan's budget clobber vote House. When Reagan enter White House 1981 inherit label huge deficit Jimmy Carter wound nearly 79 billion dlrs year. Despite Reagan's promise balance budget 1983 critic note administration's record accumulate debt estimate trillion dlrs 1100 billion dlrs. That money government borrow pay analyst kept dollar cause bad U.S. trade deficit ever. Last United States bought good worth 169.8 billion dlrs sell include purchase 58.6 billion dlrs Japanese goods. While Congress try attack trade deficit front get-tough trade bill promising retaliatory measure unless market open success budget deficit marked limited progress. Congress control pursestrings deficit downward path record 220.7 billion dlrs accumulate fiscal 1986 end Sept. 30. Because Gramm-Rudman-Hollings balance budget law enact late 1985 pressure Congress talk deficits. That law name Republican Senators Phil Gramm Texas Warren Rudman New Hampshire Democrat Ernest Hollings South Carolina call balance budget 1991 series deficit target Congress meet. The law follow enforcement mechanism mandate automatic across-the-board cut Congress miss goal stricken Supreme Court. The legislator follow target -- paper. But reality goal actually missed. For example Congress approve legislation meet 1987 target 144 billion dlr deficit. But approve number deficit 1987 estimate 170 billion dlrs -- target. This target 108 billion dlrs goal expect miss widely. Reuter 