GAF Corp acquire Borg-Warner Corp's valuable plastic believe analyst prepare increase offer Chicago-based company. Yesterday Borg-Warner agree acquire 4.23 billion dlrs company form Merrill Lynch Capital Partners. Merrill offer 48.50 dlrs cash share 89 pct Borg-Warner's common stock package cash security balance. Borg-Warner stock rise 1-3/8 49-5/8. "I it's (the stock price) tell GAF come bid" analyst value company 51 52 dlrs share. GAF offer 46 dlrs share. It hold 19.9 pct Borg-Warner's stock. "You're cat mouse game you're price. Obviously nobody want pay to. I GAF look company we're look - it's worth more" Pershing Co analyst Richard Henderson said. Henderson estimate worth abouth 55 dlrs share. GAF review situation. Merrill Lynch official return phone calls. Analysts believe GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman sought Borg-Warner chemical plastic business. The rigid plastic telephone computer terminal appliances. "Where heck buy class chemical operation days" Henderson. "He's (Heyman's) bucks. He's heavy hitter push around" Henderson. GAF roof chemical concern attempt takeover large Union Carbide Corp ago. While GAF win company substantial gain investment Carbide. Analysts GAF already profit built Borg-Warner holdings. They GAF raise offer succeed high bid company GAF million dollar profit stock. "It's win-win situation" analyst. One analyst speculate offer GAF forthcoming shortly. "I finally final paragraph book" said. Borg-Warner's business include automotive part protective service include Wells Fargo security guard Chilton Corp credit rating service. Charles Rose Oppenheimer Co analyst follow GAF GAF sell Merrill Lynch offer realize 125 mln dlrs net profit 3.50 share. "I there's probability go price" Rose. Rose really predict Heyman do. "Sam's low-risk high-return player." "Is try build major industrial chemical enterprise try investment bank" Rose said. Analysts Borg-Warner's chemical add earnings momentum GAF. "I work pay 50 dlrs share additive GAF sell non-chemical facilities" John Henry E.F. Hutton. Borg-Warner's chemical plastic provide 1986 operating profit 153.3 mln dlrs revenue 1.04 billion dlrs. Total operating profit 349.7 mln dlrs net earnings 206.3 mln dlrs 1986. "The Borg chemical great" Rose add U.S. competitor Monsanto Co MCT> Dow Chemical Co DOW>. Reuter 