Bundesbank vice president Helmut Schlesinger reason low rate now. With money supply growth show sign slow May dollar stable rise mark Schlesinger told Reuters convince far cut rate needed. The economy pick contract seasonally adjust 1/2 pct quarter fourth added. "We increase gnp start quarter" interview. Concerned quarter downturn U.S. Has press West Germany pump economy boost import either fiscal monetary policy. Schlesinger contraction quarter mainly due adverse weather condition occur 1986. Year-on-year growth pct. He estimate economic growth probably pct. "It question monetary condition domestic demand grow strongly" note rate historically low level fund ample. Schlesinger sign central bank money stock growth slow recent year-on-year pace 7-1/2 eight pct above Bundesbank's six pct target. He target achieve depend direction long-term capital flows. Heavy inflow particularly January EMS revaluation boost domestic money supply. "There hope net inflow foreign money diminish little bit reversed" Schlesinger said. A major reason inflow market's conviction mark head higher. "As market expectation far revaluation deutschemark diminished" Schlesinger said. The recent widen rate differential dollar fall sharply short period improvement real trade balance combine towards stabilize dollar said. Asked central bank act prevent sharp dollar rise U.S. Did March dollar rise above 1.87 mark depend circumstances. At midday dollar stood 1.8340/45 marks. "Central bank contact fluctuation I cannot answer react" Schelsinger said. "One look (the market) moving" add "It American case." He West German export industry hit hard dollar's sharp fall probably correction now. "But wouldn't short-term fluctuations" said. "Let wait see." "It mainly strength (dollar) fall short period little bit shock level (of rates) such" Schlesinger said. The sharp rise mark couple weak price key commodity oil favourable impact West German inflation year. Although recently sign inflation pick due change key commodity prices. The underlie inflation rate unchanged 1-1/2 pct said. Schlesinger rapid money supply growth longer term economy building potential eventual resurgence inflation. The above-target growth money supply past 16 month prompt discussion usefulness target themselves matter take mid-year meeting Bundesbank's council Schlesigner said. But added: "I don't pressure it." REUTER 