Better time hard hit natural gas industry remains seemingly intractable supply bubble continue depress sale price industry official said. An uncertain regulatory environment dispute Canadian pricing policy unusually warm winter work quick recovery sector corporate government speaker told energy conference here. "We tough tough short-term market price volume" Michael Phelps vice president Westcoast Transmission Co Ltd> major Canadian natural gas carrier. But Phelps predict fall U.S. supply -- cause sharp drop exploration -- slight demand increase burn excess supply 1990. As result Canadian gas export U.S. market rise 1.5 trillion cubic foot decade nearly double 1986's total. The health Canadian industry heavily dependent U.S. market nearly third Canada's gas production sent. Cuba Wadlington vice president Northwest Pipeline Corp Salt Lake City share view market balance 1990. He North American demand natural gas flatten 18 trillion cubic foot return colder winter quickly tighten supplies. "Things clearly work towards shrink bubble" Wadlington told Reuters interview. However recent decision U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) sharply criticize Canadian delegate suggest move prevent country participate market's recovery. The key dispute know bill issue involves ruling December FERC effectively bar U.S. pipeline company consumer pay Canadian shipping expenses. The Canadian government believe ruling severely weaken country's gas producers. "Besides extra-territorial effect potential Conadian producer consumer subsidize cost transportation service originally incur behalf U.S. customers" Robert Skinner assistant deputy minister Canada's energy department. But FERC Chairman Martha Hesse told conference ruling really intend "to assure equal fair competition pricing natural gas sell country -- whatever source gas." Hesse maintain Canadian gas crucial emergence freely competitive continent-wide energy market. Speaking concern Canada U.S. seek limit Canadian gas shipment Hesse move long-term American consumers. "We truly constitute North American market" said. "Natural gas move pipeline recognizes boundries." Reuter 