An announcement Alliant Computer Systems Inc ALNT> low-end near-supercomputer ETA Systems Inc>'s unveil high-end machine category show competition stiff market industry analyst said. Consultants Alliant's FX computer aim mainly scientist researcher price 100000 200000 dlrs faster anything else price range. But Alliant try bring price line discount give customers. "(The FX) significant extent represent Alliant's recognition reality marketplace" source briefed Alliant computer. "The list price line see anyway." Near-supercomputers call mini-supercomputers resemble massive supercomputer favour scientist expensive quarter powerful. Supercomputers cost mln dlrs mini-supercomputers generally price 200000 dlrs mln dlrs. Most near-supercomputers computer architecture call parallel processing broken segment segment assign processor. General-purpose mainframe computer processor work segment make slow complex scientific problems. Near-supercomputers existence five lead manufacturer Alliant Convex Computer Corp (CNVX) held successful initial offering year. But Alliant Convex Texas company face 15 company compete 200 250 mln dlrs sale result low price shrink profit margins. Heavy discounting slow acceptance outside scientific market lack software competitor analyst reassess prospect near-supercomputers. Jeffrey Canin computer analyst Hambrecht Quist add original growth estimate industry. He expect sale reach 1.1 billion dlrs 1991 instead 1990. In recent week Alliant Convex third quarter earnings reduce "competitive pricing pressures." Alliant profit period five cent share eight cent revenue period rise 14.2 mln dlrs 8.6 mln. Convex third quarter earnings quarter's 12 cent share revenue rise eight mln dlrs 1986 third quarter 18 18.5 mln dlrs. Until price discounting occur bottom product line near-supercomputers ETA System's announcement start squeeze Convex Alliant top analyst said. ETA subsidiary Control Data Corp CDC> introduce machine really full-blown supercomputer similar sell Cray Research Inc world's big supercomputer maker half price Cray's cheapest model. The ETA-10 Model P cost 995000 dlrs Model Q 1.2 mln dlrs. ETA official told news conference machine classify supercomputer aim directly upper product line Alliant Convex. Acceptance ETA's product hamper lack software analyst note issue face parallel processor maker degree. Because parallel processing architecture yet widely third party software vendor slow write program near-supercomputers. ETA "offers low price entry supercomputer customers" consultant said. Canin caution "the price pressure continue time" estimate five percentage point knock gross profit margin Convex Alliant price discounting. Next company problem introduce generation products. "I be cautious major product transition." REUTER 