Fear instability inflation force China brake economic reform -- overhaul pricing bear relation production costs. The price clampdown occur conservative backlash follow resignation January reformist Communist Party leader Hu Yaobang Western diplomat Chinese source say. "In recent price rise rate increase get faster faster" People's Daily major article week. "In future price change steps." Despite pledge price change essential economy track government repeatedly major change happen year. "Price change arouse discontent especially cities" Western diplomat said. "Chinese stable price 30 1949 Communists over. On recent visit major city refrain official preserve stability" said. A Chinese journalist reformer underestimated extent tolerate price changes. "A major review economic reform big reform 1979 -- budget deficit rapid price increase major improvement productivity firms" said. The reformer vital change price bear relation production costs. Sugar example. An official newspaper earlier 40 pct China's sugar mill lose money close produce sugar unprofitable. This sell price sugar change 20 mills' production cost risen sharply period. The economic masterplan 1986-90 period publish April China "work steadily establish pricing reflect value relation supply demand." The People's Daily recent wage increase currency print result money chase good cause price hike inflation. The review reform coincides campaign "bourgeois liberalism" meaning Western political idea blame cause student protest December. The journalist review due political factors. "Economics politics inseparable China. But Western medium wrong classify leadership reformer conservatives. All leader agree main direction -- economic reform open-door" said. "But difference opinion pace reform specific policies. No advocate return 1979." The diplomat China fear backlash price rise rioting street mean control. "The bottom line protest struggle." A foreign lawyer believe cause crisis earlier Communist Party leadership fear due student demonstration lose control. "The leadership self-perpetuating oligarchy. There power" said. Reuter 