West German bond yield decline month recent effort stabilize exchange rate see month's Paris pact extend keep European rate banking economist said. But longer term domestic yield rise agreement stimulate West Germany's economy said. The Paris agreement successfully stabilize currency threat central bank intervention economist said. Economists speculate G-7 country try bolster pact uncouple U.S. West German rate far meet IMF Interim Committee April. "The recent round monetary accommodation Bundesbank Bank Japan firm Federal Funds rate significant. They mark uncouple movement U.S. foreign rates" Salomon Bros Inc recent study. It narrow international rate spread major factor dollar's fall. These spread widen dollar stabilized. West German Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl encourage U.S. cut rate January Bundesbank cut rate half avoid weaken dollar. West German economist far cut lead West German rate dollar resume decline. "It's taboo" Peter Pietsch spokesman Commerzbank AG said. But economist cut West German rate half re-emerging inflation limit manoeuvre year. The Bundesbank's average yield paper already near year's low. Last week yield fell 5.50 pct 1986 low 5.35 pct post mid-April. Economists trend cause domestic investor shift fund short longer-term paper. Such move tend flatten yield curve short long-term rate pronounce Bundesbank lower discount rate. It facilitate far cut lead rate shift saving account security slow growth Bundesbank's central bank money stock aggregate. But conflict trend plan increase West German tax cut Paris currency pact design meet U.S. demand faster West German growth. This move force rate create revenue vacuum fill high government borrowing. This occur private sector demand credit remains weak demand emerge rate begin rising. Economists appear government already step borrowing accomodate revenue loss source include tax loss result weaker expect economic growth high expect spending. Josef Koerner chief economist West German Ifo-Institut newspaper interview expect 1987 tax revenue 11 billion mark below estimate West German government November. Any tax shortfall unlikely push yield up. But couple factor wan foreign speculative buying mark bond dollar's decline term yield rise economist said. Public authority borrowing 1988 rise owe increase phase Bonn's tax reform package. The West German government raise total tax cut 1988 5.2 billion mark 14.4 billion. West German chancellor Helmut Kohl week increase borrowing finance tax reform acceptable. Finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Thursday look way finance reform raise indirect taxes. But economist believe government able tax measure increase net borrowing. The Bundesbank February report wrong believe stage tax reform 1986 manage increase deficits. The Bundesbank West German authority borrow 21.9 billion mark credit market 1986 final quarter compare 14.8 billion fourth quarter 1985. The federal government nearly 10 billion mark fourth quarter 1986 figure drew billion mark Bundesbank advance require credit 1985 quarter. Reuter 