Higher oil price couple realism ushered austerity lift Saudi Arabia's economy five fall revenue grow budget deficit banker diplomat said. The month ahead prove critical government attempt balance act defend high oil price foster recovery big role private sector. Economists oil earnings recover 20 billion dlrs nominal gross domestic product grow pct rise 1982. But economist Organisation Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) succeed defend oil price Saudi Arabia force curtail output long. Saudi Arabia keep production defend OPEC's newly-established 18 dlr barrel benchmark price. Oil Minister Hisham Nazer told Reuters output run mln barrel (bpd) Saudi Arabia's OPEC quota 4.13 mln half 1987. King Fahd stamp personal authority OPEC's new-found determination defend price move Western diplomat believe underline kingdom's secure stable source income economy. Saudi Arabia world's large oil exporter hugely wealthy country. But past five decline revenue take toll. Economists estimate gross domestic product fell 10 pct 8.6 pct 1985. Oil revenue price briefly dipped below 10 dlrs barrel probably total 17.5 billion dlrs compare peak 101.8 billion 1981. "Austerity watchword Saudi Arabia allow dip far recession ... The Saudis afford draw reserve temporarily offset bad effects" diplomat said. In short-term kingdom lessen impact low oil revenue gap budget deficit draw foreign reserve 100 billion dlrs. But policy cannot pursue indefinitely. Bankers diplomat amount fiscal recklessness longer term. It increase dominance sector government publicly urge private enterprise lead role economy. Bankers diplomat government aware risk attach policy determine "tough out" oil front mean short-term depletion reserves. The 1987 budget deficit targetted huge 52.7 billion riyal 31 pct total outlay. The budget explicitly recognises draw reserve foreign borrowing rule out. Commerce Minister Suleiman Abdulaziz al-Salim told Saudi businessmen week government carefully consider stimulate economy draw budget plan late year. "It therefore bold step withdraw 50 billion riyal reserve pump economy" said. Reserves built late 1970's 1980's Saudi Arabia's breakneck pace construction tale spending become legendary. The shrink economy wrought huge change fabric Kingdom's private sector poor management go unpunished easy day oil boom. Modern technique cost control introduce market expand outsized labour force inventory cut back. The expatriate workforce fall sharply. The bankruptcy appear decline Saudi bank hit hard non-performing loan corporate sector highly selective extend credit. Government move encourage lending investigate company complaint late sector contract payment boost confidence recession slow nation's industrialisation discourage foreign investment. Private wealth bank report cash place deposit. As Saudi Arabia attempt shift weight economic development private sector big task convince businessmen channel personal saving industrial project kingdom refrain temptation invest abroad. REUTER 