A mix electoral boldness fiscal caution expect Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson week unveils budget fiscal 1987/88. Exceptionally robust tax revenue Lawson favourable budget option please voter industry financial market alike. The budget Lawson's fourth probably Conservative government election political analyst say. Analysts major budget question Lawson balance expect tax cut low borrowing allow fresh fall U.K. Interest rates. They boost economy consumer spending help reduce Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR) financial 1986/87 originally targetted 7.1 billion stg despite rise government spending. Economists Lawson five billion stg split income tax cut electoral "sweeteners" high spending drop borrowing meeting earlier 1987/88 PSBR target 7.0 billion stg. The decision face Lawson so-called "fiscal adjustement" maximise government's all-round popularity ahead election. Economist Ian Harwood Warburg Securities Lawson's budget strike balance tax cut aim consumption low borrowing attract support overseas investors. Peter Fellner James Capel Co "a budget concentrate tax cut consumer budget election." Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher call poll June 1988. But anticipation summer autumn 1987 ballot risen opposition Labour Party slip voter surveys. Forecasts economy deteriorate add argument poll analyst say. The Conservatives pledge cut basic rate taxation U.K. From current 29 pct level 25 pct. While confirm aim Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher month dash speculation happen near future. She television interview happen "Eventually. But I eventually." Most market analyst expect two-pence reduction basic rate taxation lower top rate income tax 60 pct. A billion stg cut 1987/88 PSBR - six billion stg - consider minimum need reassure financial market add. The Treasury's inflow tax receipt surpass previously envisage economist say. Lawson recently December 17 "I doubt whether scope reduction taxation year's budget." The Conservative government eager basic rate tax 25 pct soon pound tax base opposition Labour Party's spending plan look painful electorate analyst say. The direct revenue effect penny change basic rate income tax 1.1 billion stg 1987/88 1.45 billion stg 1988/89 Treasury figure show. Lawson's budget speech Parliament Tuesday start 1530 GMT sure echo government's distinct tone optimism analyst say. The tax measure Lawson expect announce base firmly positive assessment past economic achievement confidence future add. But cut plan PSBR 1987/88 1.5 billion stg economist predict Lawson likely announce high PSBR outturn financial year.^M That leave presentation economist say. A low PSBR raise financial confidence reassure market borrowing burden impose government stay low key aspect budget's arithmetic seem over-optimistic economist Lawson slat reaffirm government's goal Medium Term Financial Strategy (MTFS) reduce inflation raise economic growth. Regarding monetary target analyst expect drop wayward broad money aggregate sterling M-3 retain tamer M0 narrow measure. Few foresee monetary aggregate chosen Lawson formal targeting. Analysts surprised week government sanction half percentage cut rate attempt cool sterling gilt market. Analysts expect authority wait budget. Further decline bank base lending rate anticipate budget. Many analyst foresee fall full percentage current 10.5 pct level. The main electoral attraction reduce rate cut mortgage borrowing cost reduce inflation analyst say. Each percentage cut mortgage rate reduces retail price 0.4 pct government figure show. REUTER 