Saudi Arabia speed reform financial package measure design boost economy Kingdom lucrative investment banking. Bankers Saudi Arabia detect fundamental shift policy stem tackle underlie contradiction Islamic legal framework western banking system. One senior banker Jeddah said: "There wind blowing... Saudi Arabia move front manner extraordinarily aggressive." The speed reform begin gathering pace surprised banker contend financial restrict internationalisation riyal religious court debt collect difficult. Saudi bank profitable generally report fall profit 1986 -- fourth successive decline -- loan loss provision ate already dwindle earnings. Bankers Saudi Finance Ministry Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA) seem developed strategy remains see implemented. Reform start 1986 measure boost previously dormant stock trading earnest year. -- From January 1 SAMA liberalise money market give bank great access liquidity aid via repurchase agreements. -- From March 22 Finance Ministry abolish withholding tax fund borrow Saudi bank abroad. -- From date bank notify committee auspex SAMA hear bank dispute creditor non-payment loans. -- Also date bank allow mortgage collateral lending ban 1981. -- Within week Kingdom's stock market trading floor expect opened. Housed central Riyadh building Saudi Industrial Development Fund floor initially trade share auction system. Staff 11 commercial bank train ahead launch computer network up. One banker said: "The abolition withholding tax bank opportunity participate instrument rate currency swaps. At SAMA Finance Ministry opening market investment banking." Bankers Saudi authority appear shock reform pressure bank alarm bank reluctance extend far loan private sector. Banks lobby hard change argue religious Sharia legal framework inconsistent Kingdom's western banking nigh impossible collect bad loan courts. As result bank virtually stop lending found themselves cut investment banking series restrictions. Withholding tax punitively expensive rate currency swaps. The private sector's frustration virtual standstill bank lending overflow businessmen's conference mountain resort Abha month powerful merchant family call change banker said. "Banks lobby hard ultimate weapon force change -- stop lending" banker said. "That stifle growth economy." It unclear whether committee hear bank dispute creditor prove efficient non-Sharia already force Committees Settlement Commercial Disputes (CSCDs). Some banker believe committee yet form simply delay pending case force bank series private deal creditors. Nor clear stance committee payment generally recognise Islamic law. But banker move clear recognition SAMA Finance Ministry Sharia court CSCDs correct body hearing bank disputes. Other reform take pipeline. Finance Minister Mohammed Ali Abal-Khail March body examine late government payment contractors. In addition far move align Gregorian calendar company urge adopt financial year. A black list borrower start ago bank recently effectively sanction SAMA banker say. Banks permit lend engage security transaction party list. REUTER 