President Reagan's reduce strength Congress demonstrate U.S. Senate's decision approve highway spending bill despite attempt veto political analyst said. "He's weakened" William Schneider private American Enterprise policy Senate vote 67-33 yesterday ignore Reagan's veto road bill. Schneider contrast Reagan's failure previous ability win clear majority major issues. Sustaining veto require win one-third vote either Congress. It third consecutive fight presidential veto Congress defy Reagan whose clout legislature greatly diminish arms-for-Iran scandal capture majority Senate opposition Democratic party November 1986 election. Congress overrode Reagan's veto popular project bill January autumn Congress reject veto economic sanction South Africa. But president laid full authority line make rare journey Capitol Hill plead support person. With House Senate Democratic hand analyst Reagan swiftly become lame duck face difficulty enact legislative agenda especially furore Iran arm deal. The situation contrast Reagan's six office Republican-controlled Senate backing conservative Democrats House enable Reagan win passage legislative priorities. Reagan's ability veto legislation dislike strong weapon deal Congress defeat highway bill expect reduce credibility veto power. Senator John Chafee Rhode Island Republican told New York Times earlier week Reagan lose "there brake -- suggest presidential veto laugh away." Yesterday's defeat day House Representatives' overwhelm rejection presidential veto highway bill 350 vote 73. White House strategist present veto fight test Reagan's strength attempt recover scandal secret arm sale Iran. Senate Republican leader Robert Dole Kansas plead fellow party Reagan "this determine strength presidency 21 months." The defeat show problem face president final office. Reagan's term expires January 1989. A majority Republicans House Representatives 13 Senate apparently decide political concern president's. "President Reagan ain't run 1988 I am" Congressman Arthur Ravenel South Carolina Republican Tuesday decision bill mean money job district highway construction. The defeat interrupt streak Reagan won applause selection February former Senate majority leader Howard Baker replace Donald Regan White House chief staff believe political analyst benefit televise speech news conference Iran affair month. A steady drop Reagan's job approval rating appear level recent weeks. The president slump 65 pct autumn 42 pct Tower Commission report February fail exercise proper control dealing Iran. His approval rating hovers 50 pct. Reagan deeply disappointed Senate defeat "my effort control spending diminished." Democratic leader Robert Byrd "this isn't break president." REUTER 