West Germany's capital market liberalization stall banker worried far reform completed. Liberalization underway May 1985 foreign bank receive Bundesbank permission lead-manage mark eurobonds. Further move include introduction mark-denominated certificate deposit year. But change include revision domestic option market introduction future contract lengthy statutory change banker dealer say. Deutsche Bank AG co-chairman F. Wilhelm Christians call week enlargement current capital market instrument include instrument already standard abroad. He need especially price fall cite decline West German share price month stock index fell 20 pct. Others blunt. Securities dealer lack viable hedge instrument share bond make trading domestic market risky. "We stock index future contract future contract recent government bonds" dealer said. West Germany option contract five pct share bond trade exchange cover 30 pct average trade volume stock market source said. Options write original 14 bond select bond option introduce April. The recent bond list issue 1985. There future exchange West Germany. German bank participate future exchange branch abroad outwardly subject stringent West German rule require contract secure one-by-one basis separate hedge prevent speculation. Another lack liquidity exist market owe lack private investor participation. Private individual corporation engage option trading due West Germany's civil exchange law define loss future option gamble loss investor pay back. Options hurt lack liquidity pension fund currently forbidden invest instruments. But allow enter soon European Community begin harmonize rule govern funds. Manfred Laux secretary West German mutual fund association Frankfurt harmonize rule adopt October 1 1989 latest. The push adopt instrument past owe wide-spread belief speculative give bad name West Germany. But pressure introduction growing. The start-up Swiss future exchange banker consider similar exchange useful West Germany. They innovation drift London Bundesbank vehemently opposes. An official London International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE) exchange currently plan introduce mark-denominated contract beyond exist mark-dollar contract. But exchange study feasibility contract include three-month mark rate possibly government bond contract. A Bundesbank capital market expert Bundesbank objection hedge future liberalization sector planning stage earlier talk end ago. Considerations future drawn participant involve talks. They include parliament Bundesbank Federal Banking Supervisory Board eight West German stock exchange govern West German banking associations. Beyond option future change suggest include replace federal government's current bond consortium auction procedure similar consider U.K. And already practice U.S. This upset exist market provide German foreign bank consortium fix quota eliminate misallocations banker presently arise fix consortium quota system. In addition banker method bond trading West German stock exchange change continuous price-setting current bond price fix day. This trading transparent reduce proportion off-floor interbank bond trading 90 pct volume bond transaction banker say. REUTER 