German banking authority weigh rule banks' off-balance sheet activity attempt cope grow volume sophisticated capital market instrument banking source said. Interest rate currency swap currency option closest scrutiny revision resemble regulation jointly propose U.S. And U.K. To Japan. Juergen Becker director Bundesbank's division banking law credit supervision U.S.-British proposal interest decline elaborate. But banking source West Germany likely produce conclusion adopt foreign proposals. "There formal plan yet talk latter stages" representative German Banking Association Cologne said. Bankers expect rule change year. All alteration approve Bundesbank West Germany's major banking association Federal Banking Supervisory Office. Talks slow fundamental change require revision Germany's credit law effect 1934. Authorities favour reinterpret credit law fit circumstance avoid parliamentary political process change banking source said. Since begin 1984 banking law limited banks' lending 18 time shareholders' equity plus reserve consolidated basis. But lending ratio extend newer instrument spot forward currency contract currency swap commercial paper program currency option rate future foreign currency various innovative type rate hedges. The source main value U.S.-U.K. Proposals lay differentiate type risk factor instance place great weight currency swap swaps. But German banking authority agree assessment swap disagree balance sheet equivalent risk. U.S.-British proposal include complicate series formula assess stream payment involve swap whose ultimate risk borne financial intermediary especially counterparties remain anonymous. This so-called market-to-market value. But German authority likely consider complex base evaluation instead schedule lending rating assign accord creditworthiness borrower involve source said. The weighting likely lending ratio extend include banks' security portfolio zero authority 20 pct domestic bank 50 pct foreign bank 100 pct foreign non-bank borrowers. A far complication flexible definition equity allow U.S. And U.K. May German bank competitive disadvantage source said. Stricter definition mean version U.S.-U.K. Proposals exceed intent U.S. And British authority source said. One specialist Dresdner Bank AG long-dated foreign exchange forward transaction instance brought rule cross-currency swap despite risk entirely different. How regulation affect foreign bank uncertain. Many convert full subsidiary status apply full banking licence lead-manage mark eurobonds. But equity capital fairly tight lending ratio severely hamper foreign banks' freedom movement particularly grow currency swap require include transaction balance sheet source added. REUTER 