The Stock Exchange virtually agree change regulation permit "when issued" trading U.K. Government bond (gilts) experimental series bond auction market source said. "The principle "when issued' trading accepted Executive Committee International Stock Exchange" George Nissen chairman Gilt Edged Market Makers' Association (GEMMA). "It's question whether" told Reuters. The Bank England announce February plan series experimental auction gilt similar market U.S. Treasury issue auction possibly April May. The Bank stage oppose principle "when issued" trading develop bond period announcement full detail auction auction U.S. However "when issued" trading prohibit rule International Stock Exchange formerly London Stock Exchange require amendment proceed. Nissen discussion technical detail rule change allow "when issued" trading take Government broker Bank England Quotations Department Stock Exchange. The 27 gilt-edged primary dealer regard introduction grey market trading essential feature auction cover Government's funding needs. "If auction form market test stock we're bidding for" Simon Hartnell Head Trader primary dealer Alexanders Laing Cruickshank Gilts Ltd. "The American WI (when issued) market certainly function efficiently" said. Nissen believe "when issued" trading allow market-makers "would extremely unhappy auction." Gilt dealer note basic provision Stock Exchange rule deal stock list Quotations Department. However mainly design prevent grey market spring equity prior listing. They point contrast uncertainty connect issue equity security imponderable relate bond issue Bank England. Senior market source note "when issued" trading supervise Stock Exchange subject Bank England supervisory guidelines. Since Bank England market-makers themselves know favour idea source presumption scope "when issued" trading place. Gilt sale effect mean large-scale stock tender tap issue stock tranche direct market. But great market capitalisation follow "Big Bang" restructuring provide opportunity change. A combination system enable Bank benefit flexibility offer traditional marketing method guarantee steady supply fund imply auctions. The Bank consultative document publish February possibly experimental auction raise 1-1/2 billion stg. The remainder funding conduct traditional tender tap issue means. Total gross official sale gilt-edged stock 11.9 billion stg 1985/86. Nissen market-makers agree unanimously bank's view auction easily conduct price basis base yield. He odds favour adoption bid price form auction successful bidder allot stock various price bid common price allotment whereby stock allocate low accepted price. Hartnell "when issued" facility crucial market-makers' adaptation like extension "fallow" period proposal Bank England. The Bank sell method stock type auction announcement auction detail period end 28 day auction itself. Noting bond auction U.S. Primary dealer month successive sale stock Hartnell Bank's proposal "very tight." Nissen follow meeting GEMMA Bank England March 3 described "very helpful" GEMMA submit note make far residual points. Market-makers await far fairly definitive paper Bank contain detail auction procedures. Although Bank yet formally announce definite intention proceed auction market participant assume ahead. "My view course indication original paper - auction April May - assumption" said. REUTER 