The Australian Stock Exchange Ltd (ASX) responsibility administer coordinate market Australia's six former exchange operating subsidiary trading floors. At rule prohibit corporation non-stock-exchange hold 50 pct Australia's 101 brokerage firm abolish leave broker expose great deregulation. Industry source move smooth changeover screen-based trading equity market voice. Westpac Banking Corp WSTP.S> advantage change announce double stake Sydney firm Ord Minnett Ltd> 100 pct. Brokers introduce creep deregulation past legislation pass 1984 restrictive trade practice force traditional partnership themselves partial ownership outside institution eventually full ownership. The phase-in period end major bank offshore financial institution investigate take large stake Australian broking house industry source said. Though deregulation force broker acknowledge influx capital contact non-member shareholder benefit industry said. "Deregulation brought infusion additional capital broader base products" ASX chairman Ian Roach told Reuters. Roach fear major bank shareholder impose restrictive conservative "bank culture" dynamic sharebroking industry unfounded. "So bank mindful importance preserve entrepreneurial aspect sharebroking" said. But broker sceptical expect expiration "golden handcuff" pact tie partner firm period incorporation cause massive talent drain. Several lead broker already announce plan leave firm establish private client business plan floats. While bank shareholder enjoy dabble broking Australia's record two-and-a-half bull run themselves expertise difficult time broker said. Rene Rivkin Sydney brokerage Rivkin James Capel Ltd> broker resist anything restricts individuality entrepreneurial spirit leave entrant short-staffed. "If I bank I'm sure I go broking.... What's happen lot golden handcuff end?" Rivkin said. "Only bank they've got" said. Rivkin's firm 50 pct own Hongkong Shanghai Banking Corp HKBH.HK> unit Wardley Australia Ltd> plan float 25 30 pct. "My relationship Hong Kong bank wonderful. They leave alone support I need.... Maybe weren't do wouldn't support hasn't happened" said. Other firm lucky difficult preserve independence bull market ends. In value Australian sharemarket leapt 118 pct turnover value 152 pct 31.24 billion dlrs June 30 1986. That growth exist trading system clearing house pressure unification six sovereign exchange accelerate development screen-based trading single clearing industry source said. From July 30 lead stock trade pilot ASX's screen trading depend reception broker expect replace trading floor industry source said. REUTER 