Promising finding controversial experimental drug call Interleukin-2 cure cancer publish April 9 issue prestigious New England Journal Medicine accord Wall Street analyst obtain advance copy magazine. Among interleukin's principal U. S. maker Cetus Corp CTUS> headquarter Emeryville Calif. Immunex Corp IMNX> base Seattle Wash. The journal release late contains article reporting remission rate cancer types. The journal contains sign editorial conclude result mark significant milestone search successful immunotherapy cancer. Interleukin-2 know IL-2 substance naturally produce living cell laboratory. The drug controversial widely praise promising cancer treatment report effectiveness late 1985 criticism failure live promise due ravage effects. One study conduct Dr. William West Biotherapeutics Inc Franklin Tenn. particularly significant found few harsh effect change drug administered. In study researcher administer IL-2 48 cancer patient found 50-pct remission rate kidney cancer 50 pct remission rate melanoma type skin cancer accord Prudential-Bache Securities' Stuart Weisbrod obtain advance copy magazine. For rectal colon cancer researcher found remission none 48 patient treat effect serious place intensive hospital care accord article. In study whose principal author Dr. Steven Rosenberg National Cancer Institute researcher administer IL-2 157 cancer patient found 33 pct remission rate cancer kidney 27 pct rate melanoma 15 pct rate cancer colon rectum. In National Cancer Institute trial total patient die magazine report confirm harshness drug's effect originally administered. "Perhaps begin search successful immunotherapy cancer" editorial sign John Durant Philadelphia's Chase Cancer Center. "These observation report Rosenberg West surely describe successful practical approach ready widespread application therapy cancer patients" editorial said. "On reflect seem successful manipulation cellular immune near search meaningful direction immunuotherapy cancer" editorial concluded. Reuter 