U.S. firm expect enjoy advantage superior experience Japanese competitor promising bring asset rich Japanese investor U.S. financial future markets. Japan allow local financial institution month start use overseas future currency bond stock manage bulge foreign portfolios. "U.S. investment bank advantage. We've decade Japanese not" Eugene Atkinson president Goldman Sachs Japan Corp. Japanese investor assume eager market participation slow Japanese security bank source New York said. Koichi Kane Executive Vice President Nomura Securities International "They're start period." "They're test water" Atkinson added. But start Japanese likely player opening lucrative opportunity said. U.S. investment banking source slow start understandable U.S. institutional investor fairly market. Futures market history U.S. risk involve American pension fund mutual fund allow market relatively recently U.S. investment bank future analyst said. In addition Japan's inexperience financial future insufficient broker Japan blame slow start Japanese source said. Japan liberalize financial market domestic financial institution allow act broker Japan overseas future markets. This change banker speculate security house permit enter line business. While Japanese Americans move First Boston Corp Salomon Brothers Inc Goldman Sachs Co Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc PainWebber Inc lead charge said. In U.S. Nikko Securities Co International Inc prepare clearing member Chicago Boad Trade (CBT)in anticipation grow Japanese demand future product Akira Tokutomi Nikko said. Nomura Japan's large security yet decide whether expand future brokerage U.S. establish closer link Japanese investor U.S. future market Kane said. The even session CBT inaugurate recently coincide Tokyo hour increase Japanese participation extent brokerage issue hurdle Japanese source said. High liquidity big attraction future market Japanese naturally join daytime trading session Chicago said. The Japanese process select broker establish channel pay fee margin harmonize clerical procedure bridging gap Tokyo Chicago prove burden source said. Some Japanese bank largely bar security industry Japan contemplate buying U.S. brokerage Japanese source said. One motif do save commission spur U.S. commercial bank brokerage said. "The simplest brokerage tie-up" Hiroyuki Kondo Yasuda Trust Banking Co Ltd New York. One trust bank source total fee amount mln dlrs bank future market fully hedge huge pension fund assets. Japanese bank able penetrate aggressively foreign financial market mobilize mammoth capital asset future brokerage story Japanese banking source said. They cite stiff fee-cutting competition addition difficulty recruiting influential Chicago brokers. In anticipation sizeable order future U.S. broker take order Japanese 13 dlrs contract below break-even level said. Some Chicago broker brokerage house try approach Japanese financial institution tie-up future indusry source Chicago said. But Japanese bank source New York capital base brokerage make Japanese nervous capital link. Japanese bank unlikely ignore brokerage financial future trading Japanese start grow fast prof profitable said. But question add whether Japanese government bank engage risky business. reuter 