Kuwait major oil producer hit year's price slump lean towards creative monetary policy spur economy banking source said. "There clear emphasis encourage money productive venture have tie bearing investment direct productive outlet" banker said. Kuwait's Central Bank yesterday cut key money market rate abandon February 1986 direct inter-bank borrowing lending costs. The bank reduce six pct 6-1/2 pct rate offer fund month inter-bank market. This turn affected retail rates. The cut third follow major overhaul rate policy month Central Bank Governor Sheikh Salem Abdul-Aziz al-Sabah design revive economy. One banker "There grow flexibility creativity rate policy amid awareness diversify economy stimulate non-oil sector." For nearly domestic rate significantly below U.S. Dollar favourite haven Gulf speculative investor fund past banking source said. Despite uncertainty generate 6-1/2 Iran- Iraq Kuwait's northern doorstep banker play prospect significant capital flight. The Kuwaiti dinar whose value Central Bank fix 0.27095/129 dollar strong years. Fears dollar fall far prompt thought Kuwaiti investor prepared consider switch fund U.S. Currency source said. "There distinct exchange rate risk" added. Bankers dollar slump hurt investor behind major capital outflow 1984 encourage 18 pct U.S. Interest rate start Iranian attack neutral shipping Gulf. The Central Bank calculates dinar exchange rate basket currencies. Bankers basket's exact make-up weight heavily favour dollar. Some banker believe strengthen dinar beyond 0.27000 dollar provoke investor shift fund U.S. Currency. "They ask:When dollar cheap again?" said. And dinar rate roughly pct below dollar Central Bank face delicate balance role require far flexibility. Bankers current expansionary rate policy broader attempt encourage local investment strengthen backbone economy. They estimate economy measure term GDP allow inflation shrank 19 pct 1986 8.1 pct contraction previous year. Bankers note recent measure stimulate stock market activity capped sharp cut brokerage fee cheaper investor trade. REUTER 