American Telephone Telegraph Co illustration maxim already learn huge corporation - success segment electronics industry difficult translate success sell computers. ATT learn hard resource technological advance weak marketing sluggish response rapidly change competitive industries. Consequently ATT try week convince serious computer announce product showcasing late computer chief Vittorio Cassoni formerly ATT's Italian affiliate Ing. C. Olivetti Co. Industry consultant ATT announce faster addition 3B line minicomputer improve connectivity product version Unix software operating assortered peripheral equipment include laser printer. The announcement hold "minimal significance" ATT industry Forrester Research consultant John McCarthy. "They significant player market computer play subjagated role (telephone) network" said. ATT world's large company breakup 1984 pre-eminent phone company United States able carve fractional share computer industry. Last particularly disastrous company's data system division post pre-tax operating loss 1.2 billion dlrs (ATT report 1986 profit 139 mln 1.7 billion dlr charge earnings 1.56 billion dlrs prior year). Morale throughout company ATT reduce force 32000 leave force 290000 analyst situation computer division particularly bad especially computer merge computer network sale forces. Meanwhile company's successful product 6300 personal computer ran steam month gain five pct market. "ATT lose focus 6300" consultant Norman DeWitt president Dataquest Inc. "There major product enhancement perception developed marketplace product tired." Meanwhile 6300 increasingly aggressive competition small company undercut ATT price offer technologically advanced machines. "I fast start ATT lose momentum pc side" DeWitt. The 3B line minicomputer found acceptance market ATT's Unix operating love scientist engineer yet serious dent widely system adopt industry giant International Business Machines Corp IBM>. By fall ATT executive found themselves try defuse widespread speculation ATT abandon sell computer division company responsibility personal computer Olivetti own 23.5 pct stake. But analyst company's image dealt blow week ATT senior vice president James Edwards precede Cassoni computer division announce leave president TelWatch Inc developer system manage networks. Several executive left recent month include John Walsh 3B minicomputer line. And 43-year Cassoni considerable experience run Olivetti's successful computer operation analyst express concern approach ATT's business. Cassoni want acheive recognizable success ATT marketplace widely assume rapidly abandon product meet profitability goals. The strategy analyst product establish customer reluctant buy product discontinue two. ATT chairman James Olson slightly conservative view computer division recently. He laud Cassoni's goal expect data system division turn five years. Olson deny perception ATT retreat "to womb business" distance telephone system expense computer division. Reuter 