Thai stock broken expectation broker security analyst nine-month bull market Securities Exchange Thailand (SET) 1987. Most earlier dismiss forecast local newspaper December SET Index rise 50 point 250 mid-1987. They figure easy reach. The index average 93 register stock list market gain 9.7 pct month finish quarter 228.97. The index gain 74 pct July decline pct half 1986 five pct 1985. Yothin Aree assistant manage director Bangkok First Investment Trust Ltd (BFIT) echoed analyst say bar dramatic increase oil price rate market sustain rally rest punctuate periodic corrections. Securities analyst stock investment excess liquidity force rate 10-year lows. Bankers expect deposit rate fall six time January 1986 stabilise year. Central bank governor Kamchorn Sathirakul told commercial bank week spur loan demand cut lending rate match reduction deposit rates. SET statistic show daily trading list corporate stock government bond average 217 mln baht quarter 4.5 time high ago. Robert Chan deputy manage director Wardley Thailand Ltd foreign Thai equity strong Japanese fund manager recently approach seek advice invest market. Wardley Thailand affiliate The Hongkong Shanghai Banking Corp handle stock acquire foreign fund manager invest SET. "We six month ago Thai stock overprice significant 23.5 pct rise SET Index third quarter" Chan add gain 41 pct. He forecast index advance 30 40 point year-end improve Thai economy foreign Thai stock SET's average 12 pct price/earnings ratio relatively low standards. Foreign investment account 1.22 billion baht 7.8 pct total turnover January/February period 347 mln baht 5.8 pct quarter 1986. Foreigners invest market directly Bangkok Fund Thailand Fund unit trust portfolio investment vehicle foreigners. Bangkok Fund Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Cazenove Co 1985 Thailand Fund December Vickers da Costa International Ltd Morgan Stanley Co Inc Banque Internationale Luxembourg BIL (Asia) Ltd World Bank's International Finance Corp. Each trust capitalise 30 mln dlrs invest 70 pct fund equities. Brokers demand Thai stock strengthen criticism market 2.9 billion dlrs capitalisation trading narrowly based. Although average 50 issue trade session 30 ago foreign fund manager focus 10 easily tradeable blue chips. Yothin investor seem interested small speculative issues. Long-term investment SET restrict law limit foreign-held equity list companies. Foreign equity limited maximum 25 pct bank self-imposed limit popular Siam Cement. Most business 49 pct limit. SET official foreign investment blue chip reach limit barrier likely slow investment fund manager reluctant buy small issues. SET President Maruay Phadungsith priority list stock wait government approval launch trading board diversified company short track record listed. SET hope list 10 issue 1986. SET official add enterprise delayed plan miss golden opportunity attract capital exchange share popular. A plan state-owned Thai Airways International Ltd Bangchak Petroleum Co Ltd appear opposition administrations. The privatisation Krung Thai Bank Ltd doubt Finance Ministry decision month merge ail government-owned Sayam Bank Ltd. REUTER 