China call United States remove curb export favourable trading status ease restriction export technology. But U.S. Embassy reply Chinese figure show 13 trade deficit U.S. Out 15 inaccurate Peking persuade Congress change law limit exports. The official International Business newspaper publish China's demand editorial coincide visit U.S. Secretary State George Shultz. "It extremely U.S. Market reduce restriction Chinese import provide need facility businessmen side expand Chinese exports" editorial said. "The U.S. Should quickly discard prejudice favourable tariff treatment Chinese good admit China Generalised System Preference (GSP). "Despite ease curb U.S. Technology export recent control extremely strict influence normal trade countries" add The paper print article China's commercial counsellor Washington embassy Chen Shibiao "all kind difficulty restrictions" prevent bilateral trade fulfil full potential. He name U.S. Protectionist behaviour curb technology transfer out-of-date trade legislation. The paper print table show bilateral trade 1972 China deficit except 1972 1977. It show 1986 1985 deficit 2.09 billion 1.722 billion dlrs. A U.S. Embassy official U.S. Did accept Peking's trade figure mainly exclude good ship Hong Kong trans-shipped U.S. While U.S. Figures base country origin. He China want obtain GSP status lobby Congress persaude amend law currently prevent Peking get status. The U.S. Trade Act 1974 say qualify GSP China member General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) apply July 1986 "not dominate control international Communism." The official China aware law date anti-Communist 1950's sufficient political U.S. To change them. China subject dozen case involve anti-dumping U.S. Within U.S. Side won said. But China sign week agreement initiate voluntarily restrain export category steel good lead U.S. Side withdraw anti-dumping added. Another diplomat willingness provide voluntary export restraint issue bilateral trade issue Peking's application GATT. "China potential disrupt market especially textiles. Other GATT country nervous China respect. But precedent centralled plan economy GATT" diplomat said. Poland Czechoslovakia Hungary Romania GATT none China's massive market potential import vast labour pool produce cheap exports. In speech northeast city Dalian U.S. Secretary State George Shultz country welcome China's participate GATT. "The process Chinese accession accomplish overnight -- GATT rule design economy Chinese type" Shultz said. "China play role actively join GATT discussion seek expand trading opportunity enhance market access export worldwide. China far develop foreign trade gain maximum benefit GATT participation" said. The problem face U.S.-China trade GATT membership similar -- pricing foreign businessmen regard arbitrary related actual cost especially export de facto dual currency system. In memorandum backing application present GATT month China gradually reform economic replace mandatory instruction "guidance planning" economic levers. The diplomat join GATT China do. REUTER 