Computer Associates International Inc's 800 mln dlr merger Uccel Corp UCE> eliminate strong rival company face stiff competition International Business Machines Corp IBM> Wall Street analyst said. "IBM ruling force mainframe system software" Scott Smith analyst Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette. "But combination company clearly strong front" said. Besides IBM "Computer Associates powerful company field" add E.F. Hutton analyst Terence Quinn. That field segment market know utility software package boost productivity company's data processing facility increase speed efficiency mainframe computers. The merger Uccel Computer Associates combine big system utility supplier IBM. Analysts remain player mostly firm competition harder past. For Computer Associates merger Uccel cap six-year acquisition campaign vault Garden City N.Y.-based company top software industry. When deal complete sometime August company's revenue exceed 450 mln dlrs push past Microsoft Corp MFST> world's large independent software vendor. Computer Associates founder chairman Charles B. Wang company 1981 bought 15 company boost annual sale 18.5 mln 309.3 mln dlrs end March 31. Liemandt charge Wyly sell non-computer business decide focus solely mainframe computer software. In 1984 company rename Uccel Corp. Liemandt leave company merger complete acquisition growth. On 1986 Uccel complete buyout six company total 60 mln dlrs. For 1986 earn 17.0 mln dlrs 1.01 dlrs share sale 141.5 mln dlrs. The agreement industry analyst surprise largely company bitter rivals. Also Dallas-based Uccel engineer strong comeback dark day 1982 Wyly Corp lose 7.7 mln dlrs 56 ct share. At Wyly own potpourri 13 business involve computer software. In 1983 Walter Haefner Swiss financier major Wyly investor lure Gregory J. Liemandt job chairman General Electric Co's GE> computer service unit. Computer Associates' Wang Uccel's Liemandt news conference merger computer user single source wide range software products. In addition utility Computer Associates sell product microcomputer Uccel inroad application software market analyst successful accounting banking systems. Wang Computer Associates continue support enhance companies' product line note company eventually weed duplicate offerings. He 20 pct companies' product overlap. Analysts merger dilute holding current Computer Associates shareholder 10 pct. But join Wang forecasting deal dilute Computer Associates' earnings current fiscal year. Quinn E.F. Hutton Wang proven track record complete acquisition earnings dilution. Therefore change 1988 earnings estimate 1.05 dlrs share. Wang look closely combine operation company cut duplication sale marketing research development. Analysts Computer Associates paid premium Uccel. Based Friday's closing price company swap 47.50 dlrs worth stock Uccel share nearly 33 time Uccel's 1987 estimate earnings 1.45 dlrs share. Stephen T. McClellan Merrill Lynch Research software company currently value 20 time per-share earnings. But analyst Uccel worth premium earnings potential customer base. Wang Haefner Swiss investor hold 25 pct Computer Associates stock merger. He currently own 58 pct Uccel. The executive merger alter target maintain sale earnings growth 30 pct 35 pct. In addition expect problem have deal clear antitrust division U.S. Justice Department. Uccel's Liemandt decline merger rule work together Wang. Reuter 