U.S. February report reflect slim gain industrial output moderate inflation pressure reinforce expectation Federal Reserve continue follow stable course monetary policy economist said. "If you're Fed there's reason anything" Steve Slifer Lehman Government Securities Inc. "There hint GNP pick up. On inflation front well" said. "Money supply control. It's absolutely ideal situation." February U.S. industrial production rise 0.5 pct slightly 0.7 pct gain financial market expected. This compare slim 0.1 pct rise January's production previously report 0.4 pct increase. The February U.S. producer price index gain 0.1 pct 0.3-0.4 pct expect rise. This follow 0.6 pct rise PPI January. "The Fed look positively" Allan Leslie Discount Corporation. "Certainly inflation bad Volcker (Fed Chairman) lately. Industrial production growth line Fed wants." The energy product component PPI rise 4.0 pct February 9.8 pct increase January. "This show impact energy price inflation behind term move 15 dlrs 18 dlrs barrel" Maria Ramirez Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. "The trend 3.5 pct half year." In 1986 decline energy price contribute 2.5 pct decline PPI. Economists rise energy price expect sharp drop auto price not. Passenger car price fell 3.4 pct truck price drop 1.3 pct. Yesterday Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker possibility renew inflation remains concern financial market Federal Reserve. "The Fed lower inflation expectation today" Robert Brusca Nikko Securities International. While low inflation permit Fed maintain easy monetary policy Brusca import price rise necessitate weaker dollar. "The outlook dollar air" said. "We inflation U.S. producer compete foreign producers." Brusca price electronic equipment drop 0.8 pct February's PPI. With electronic good produce overseas show foreign producer raise price bodes ill U.S. competitiveness said. If far dollar decline need diminish overseas investment U.S. debt Brusca add necessitate high rate low bond prices. By contrast Slifer import good price rise 11.8 pct quarter 1985 quarter 1986 reflect degree 22 pct drop trade-weighted real value dollar February 1985 February 1987. Slifer import price rise far manufacturers' contract dollar drop current level expire contract reflect weaker dollar. David Wyss Data Resources Inc note import manufacture good price rise 8.5 pct annual rate half 1986 contribute rise U.S. industrial output. "It's low dollar" Wyss said. "Producers begin themselves competitive increase output." Wyss late data average industrial production gain 0.3-0.4 pct quarter. "It's encourage sign manufacturing sector begin revive." But Stephen Roach Morgan Stanley Co Inc convince February report portend economic gains. He strength factor sustain rise industrial output. Roach point stikers return farm equipment industry help account pct rise February equipment production. Utilities output rise 0.7 pct February gain 1.2 pct January Roach show mostly energy produce manufacturing activity gained. Finally point auto production account half industrial production gain production auto assembly rise 8.3 million unit annual rate 7.5 million units. "In quarter look automaker produce 8.5 mln unit annual rate sell roughly seven mln unit rate" Roach said. "The disparity output sale show inventories." Economists point sharp rise January U.S. inventory sign production outstrip demand quarter 1987. January inventory rise 0.9 pct large gain July 1979 inventory rise 1.7 pct Commerce Department said. Business sale drop 4.5 pct January large monthly sale drop record. Nonetheless economist expect Fed react month-to-month changes. "The Fed stand pat seven months" Ramirez said. "They continue stand pat couple months." Reuter 