The market float rate note show clear sign recovery confusion sent price tumble paralyse trading week dealer bank official said. FRN dealer 10 house market operator pause ass step wake Friday's huge drop panic trading. Despite late sign price recover week today's erratic trade provide similarly mixed final picture longer-dated FRNs clearly pressure. While FRN specialist note paper coupon shortly due refixed manage hold note pay relatively high margin longer term FRNs subject intense sell pressure. "Anything longer 10 sell seriously paper banking sector" FRN market source lead U.S. House said. He note long-dated Citicorp issue -- paper suffer recently fear Latin American debt exposure -- slip point 94.00. FRNs whose coupon refixed regularly usually trade par. U.S. And Canadian bank paper generally pressure Republic Ireland paper due renew worry Irish economic situation. The malaise banking sector fall register BNP note drop trading days. Retail client usually see return market price fall push yield margin attractive level unnerved days' panic dealer said. "Yes there's bargain hunt dare seriously in" dealer. "A handful market giant frighten retail aggressive manipulation. As true liquidity drain market cooperation rationalisation" comment FRN trader deal straight bond issue floater market crisis. This view share majority FRN market source poll Reuters trade collapse week. Of 50 house market floater dealer estimate dozen quote FRN price report house expect resume trade security all. Many call meeting ass current market situation. "Given potential volatility market -- conclusively prove event day -- senior management duty bound revise parameter market maker work" comment senior source lead U.K. Investment house. However report formal crisis meeting market maker -- call December perpetual FRN market collapse -- cards. Several firm expect cut drastically list FRNs trade volatile paper go. Elsewhere eurobond market extremely quiet virtually activity see dollar straight sector becalm late trader said. "There real two-way neither issue diversion" note trader. "All see square positions" added. Investors remain cautious dollar recently stable potential downside risk. Eurosterling market sector aside FRNs headline lately quiet ahead U.K. Government budget due announce tomorrow. Undertone firm dealer expect positive fiscal package tomorrow economic news boost sterling confirmation bull factor bolster eurosterling gilt-edged bond lately. "It sit wait I expect full steam ahead Wednesday" comment sterling market source. Prices show gain 1/8 3/8 across board. Dealers eurosterling issue currently pipeline issue expect major European bank currently mandate market. In sector euroyen maintain firm tone. Although market expect rest trading switch April value date euroyen sector expect buoyed professional switch Japanese government bond relatively cheaper euroyen bonds. Two yen issue feature otherwise quiet primary market. Both 15 billion yen due 1992 Eksportfinans five pct 103 pct lead Mitsubishi Finance International. The Export Development Corp 4-1/2 pct 101-7/8 pct lead Bank Tokyo International. The day's feature targetted 30 mln dlr step coupon deal Kawasaki Steel due 1994. REUTER 