Publisher Robert Maxwell's British Printing Communicaton Corp PLC file lawsuit U.S. district court Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc director adviser stop payment special dividend Harcourt pay recapitalization. The suit file Manhattan name First Boston Corp FBC> seek void issue Harcourt 40000 share super voting prefer stock First Boston Securities Corp issue convertible voting prefer stock 4700000 vote Harcourt employee stock ownership plan. The prefer share issue First Boston 8160000 votes. The suit brought derivatively behalf Harcourt individually British Printing's capacity substantial holder Harcourt common share 6-3/8 pct convertible debentures. The suit alleges Harcourt's special dividend exceeds billion dlrs Harcout's surplus available dividend New York law contstitutes fraudulent conveyance. The lawsuit alleges Harcourt fail disclose consequence payment dividend term illegal shareholder liable repay it. Harcourt week pay 40 dlrs share stockholder special dividend. Harcourt announce extensive recapitalization plan analyst aim thwart takeover effort British Printing. British Printing week withdrew 44 dlr share billion dlr offer Harcourt recapitalizaton plan. At review alternatives. British Printing file suit consultation advisers. Its lawsuit alleges Harcourt fail disclose effect special dividend Harcourt 6-3/8 pct convertible debentures. British Printing alleges effect enormous increase effective June eight record date dividend Harcourt common share issuable conversion debentures. British Printing charge Harcourt unlawfully coerce debenture holder convert denbentures record date Harcourt authorize common share honor conversion date. British Printing hold 460600 share 5.6 mln dlrs worth debentures. The suit alleges management board director First Boston engage illegal scheme entrenchment combination sell First Boston Securities Corp super voting prefer bargain price grant company employee stock plan convertible voting prefer six mln share market repurchase manner financing structured. Reuter 