The slide value U.S. dollar soon force Organization Petroleum Exporting Countries raise oil benchmark price set stage price 22 dlrs barrel yearend top executive U.S. oil company said. The current benchmark price 18 dlrs barrel establish Organization Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) December meeting cartel 15.8 mln barrel production ceiling. But continue weakness U.S. dollar currency OPEC oil sale make 18 dlr price difficult sustain Fred Hartley chairman Unocal Corp UCL>. The U.S. dollar fall value 10 pct December fall total 40 pct past years. Hartley told Reuters expect significantly high oil price winter rule potential 25 dlrs barrel spring 1988. "I June critical month do" Hartley Houston attend World Petroleum Congress. OPEC schedule regular meeting June expert believe likely revive suggestion oil price accord basket currency instead U.S. dollar. E.H. Clark chairman Baker Hughes Inc> Saudi kingdom's generate revenue -- great demand -- drive price increases. "The Saudis committments balance trade base receive 18 dlrs barrel oil. But U.S. dollar won't buy five six month ago" Clark interview. "I'm bet Saudi king's sustain revenues." Clark predict oil price top 22 dlrs barrel January one. However authoritative Middle East Economic Survey report yesterday Saudi Arabia seek increase OPEC oil price unless oil demand show strong growth. Saudi source told newsletter policy base longterm restore competitive position OPEC oil energy sources. Many oil industry expert forecasting modest increase oil demand average pct annually years. Michel Moreau director Elf Aquitaine Group> believe worldwide oil industry reach consensus price 20 dlrs barrel necessary cover exploration cost royalty tax production. The 20 dlr level reach cash-strapped nation Nigeria Egypt Gabon refrain discounting oil price increase production level Moreau said. "I (OPEC nations) defect production agreement fall apart" said. "But threat Saudis' stick keep producer line. Nobody want repeat collapse occur 1986." Lawrence Rawl chairman Exxon Corp XON> told Reuters expect price remain 18 dlrs 1987 add 20 dlrs barrel possibility. Other major company take cautious view price fear OPEC yet upset cartel's production agreement. "This testing" Alfred Munk manager foreign affair Amoco Corp. (AN). "If fail price decline 14 dlrs barrel." French-owned Total CFP's vice president Pierre Vaillaud "Demand quickly maybe percent year. You can't change price pct" Vaillaud said. Reuter 