The International Primary Market Makers Association trade organisation board week adopt rule recommend lead manager eurodollar bond issue market security 12 months. Currently imply obligation firm market issue underwrite formal obligation so. Christopher Sibson secretary IPMA explain recommendation adopt "It aim lead manager deal disappears." Sibson organization cannot force adhere rule. "We're illusion legal binding force recommendations" said. Lead manager occasionally abandon effort support unprofitable issue short offer leave investor small firm buy them. Most recently price perpetual float rate note (FRNs) suddenly plunge market maker abandon security altogether leave investor stuck 17 billion dlrs worth unmarketable security books. Sibson note recommendation adopt board applies fixed-rate dollar issue help float rate sector current crisis. Among measure IPMA decide criterion membership tighten exclude small firms. Under rule firm book run lead manager precede 12 internationally distribute debt issue denominate U.S. Dlrs eight major currencies. The former requirement call lead-managed issues. Sibson expect tighter entrance requirement pare 3he current list 67 six 10 members. Smaller firm criticize IPMA's effort restrict membership large firm say anti-competitive reinforces firms' already market share. "Belonging IPMA carry amount prestige borrowers" dealer foreign bank. "The borrower say "Well I travel economy I travel class'" said. Sibson defend rule say "We steer course represent interest major market maker desirable goal represent everybody." In event size market expand former minimum size requirement small. Also IPMA require register Association International Bond Dealers reporting dealer submit daily information price issue market makers. The effective date rule yet determined. Dealers rule enable investor secondary market maker evaluate appropriate market price securities. Such rule investor confident trading eurobond market increase liquidity said. Dealers form reporting yet spell out. But previous discussion reporting requirement consider firm listing closing price security low day. Members agree IPMA meeting implementation communication enables lead manager invite potential management deal time. REUTER 