Brooklyn Union Gas Co New York gas utility gas cost sharply result Transco Energy Co's E> decision close pipeline transport spot gas sale energy industry analyst said. Brooklyn Union fourth large gas utility United States purchase 36 pct supply spot non-contract market 1986 proportion spot supply estimate high five month 1987 analyst said. Texas Eastern pipeline TET> compete pipeline deliver spot gas produce area South close gate station summer Brooklyn Union rely entirely Transco spot supplies. In month May Brooklyn Union paid dlrs mln British Thermal Unit spot gas contract gas cost five dlrs mln BTU industry source said. Transco announce yesterday longer provide access transport spot natural gas customer fear accumulate take-or-pay liabilities. Take-or-pay contract oblige pipeline pay producer gas delivery take customers. Brooklyn Union continue receive amount supply minor field grandfather clause Brooklyn Union official said. Foster Corwith gas analyst Dean Witter Reynolds rise cost Booklyn Union pass rate payers. While net effect company know month lag defer earnings end-users especially residential commercial customer pay gas said. Because closure take summer month gas demand seasonal low impact cash flow Curt Launer natural gas analyst Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette said. If situation persists winter heating season cost gas cut company's profit said. Gas utility eastern seaboard rely Transco spot gas North Carolina Natural Gas Co NCNG> Piedmont Natural Gas Co PNY> cost factor Brooklyn Union Steve Richards supply manager user supply Houston base natural gas brokering firm said. "But company unwitting victim take-or-pay dispute Transco producers" said. Distributors deaf ear Transco's request inventory charge reserve pipeline facility spot gas deliver company said. Without spot supply cost gas threaten drive customer capable shift alternative fuel said. In absence guideline inventory charge Federal Energy Regulatory Commission matter negotiate pipeline customer Richards said. Now Transco refuse transport cheap spot gas distributor likely conciliatory inventory charge said. "Cool head prevail" DLJ's Launer " while." Reuter 