OPEC's agreement limit output 16.6 mln barrel (bpd) rest boost spot price enable raise official reference price 20 dlrs barrel January current 18 dlrs Far East oil industry source said. "Fundamentally market situation bullish official price 20 dlrs January" Japanese refiner said. The source spite over-production OPEC Iraq United Arab Emirates Kuwait Qatar demand exceed supply fourth quarter. Spot oil price surge Friday late U.S. Trading market anticipate OPEC agreement second-half 1987 output. In Tokyo trade level firm 17.30 dlrs Mideast Dubai cargo load month 19.00 dlrs U.K. Brent trader said. They expect foreign crude suck U.S. Market benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate (WTI) trade 20.30 dlrs. "With WTI 20 21 22 dlrs U.S. Refiners import Mideast Far East crude strengthen grade further" Japanese oil trader. Some Tokyo trader cautious whether thU spot market far upward potential short term have risen strongly OPEC news Friday. "You certainly argue New York rise basis there's reason price today" international oil trader Tokyo. "But I there's sign dip bought pretty quickly" added. One oil industry analyst concur "There reason expect weak market on." He expect OPEC raise price 20 dlrs meet December 9. Oil source spot price unlikely surge strongly month due cheat OPEC likelihood Saudi Arabia act swing producer maintain steady prices. Iraq currently produce mln barrel compare second-half quota 1.54 mln said. Its export capability rise 2.5 mln bpd pipeline Turkey come onstream September. Qatar achieve sale 350000 bpd OPEC-assigned quota 299000 discounting 20 cent barrel official price source said. Iran United Arab Emirates Kuwait cheat OPEC agreement over-production effective price discount counter-purchases industry source said. But mostly agree Saudi Arabia unofficially act swing producer cut production compensate high output boost output spot price rise fast. Saudi Arabia float oil stockpile 40 50 mln barrels. "Saudi Arabia want oil price stability stockpile utilized cool market rise much" oil industry analyst said. REUTER 