Top official lead industrial nation appear deeply worried financial market ignore effort coordinate policy believe strengthen talk week. Monetary source official exasperate market drove dollar rapidly low severely disrupt bond stock market heed policy commitment Group Seven -- United States Japan West Germany France Britain Italy Canada. Treasury Secretary James Baker reassure market commitment stable dollar statement French Finance Minister Edouard Balladur underscored saying: "I don't believe Americans weaker dollar." West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg dollar's late rapid descent "involves risk -- already tangible threat -- strong surge inflation lead renew rise rates." But sign policymakers fear market uproar accept little economic picture change currency settle stable pattern result. Nor seem enthusiasm week's semi-annual meeting IMF World Bank high U.S. Interest rate curb dollar's rapid descent. That distaste stem fear recession. Outgoing Deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman told television interviewer policy drive dollar solve U.S. trade deficit. "It slow growth Germany Japan adversely affect trade balance ultimately drive rate throw (into) recession slow growth" said. Asked high U.S. Interest rate stabilize dollar Balladur said: "When currency maintain artificially artificially rate healthy." And resort high rate lead recession said. Acknowledging dollar's late slide Balladur "there adjustment course currency fix rate system." But Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker rein credit dollar's slide deepens. U.S. Monetary source Washington want understood market seven's commitment genuine. "The United States six major industrial country fully commit implement undertaking agreements" Baker told meetings. Darman Baker misinterpret market wrongly believe earlier remark suggest want far decline dollar. Baker Darman commit stabilize currency current levels. Last week's statement seven reaffirm February 22 agreement Paris Reagan administration agree reach budget deficit compromise Congress fight protectionism. West Germany Japan meanwhile agree stimulate domestic demand lead global upturn. Ministers believe Paris pact bolster Japan's promise 35 billion dlr supplementary budget. The source believe Baker major action. But seven seem accept commitment stable currency apply today's exchange rate Paris agreement dollar stood higher. The Paris accord "currencies (are) range broadly consistent underlie economic fundamental policy commitment summarize statement." Now accept dollar's low level especially yen hard reality nonetheless consistent agreement. "The minister governor reaffirm view current level currency range broadly consistent fundamentals" week's statement read. Monetary source policymakers understood market focus instability create gap U.S. Trade deficit surplus West Germany Japan prospective policy changes. European monetary source Bonn unconvinced Washington meant commitment cut budget deficit. Reuter 