Brazil's land reform trumpet government absolute priority mire bureaucracy achieve aims. Officials acknowledge progress minimal. Land right activist progress actually worsening. Over economic pressure force producer sell land-owners. Land reform country's hotly-debated political issue particularly fore Constituent Assembly Brasilia draw constitution. Land right campaigner charter fresh hope country's 4.5 mln landless family wave wave land occupations. "We secret tactics" leader land reform movement Joao Pedro. "The solution occupy -- rural workers. There single land reform occupy land." The land issue spawn violence Amazonia Mato Grosso. Some 278 die land dispute accord Pastoral Commission Land link Roman Catholic Church. The land reform announce 1985 soon civilian government President Jose Sarney aim resettle 14 mln family 1989 gradually splitting country's vast undeveloped estates. The government National Plan Agrarian Reform described "one absolute priorities." In practice few 20000 family help government admits anywhere near original target. Political analyst pace land reform slow Sarney military government General Joao Figueiredo (1979-85). The slow progress issue fuel deep frustration. Land right demonstration common sight Sao Paulo part country. Activists condition countryside improve significantly deteriorated. Pedro leader Movement Landless Rural Workers 12 month 100000 producer force land Brazil's five southernmost states. He exodus cause government's anti-inflation Cruzado Plan froze price hit income farmers. When Cruzado Plan collapse late price rate soar farmer unable pay debt take price freeze. Pedro 100000 family left countryside south previously land-owners minority tenant farmers. Most move Brazil's swollen cities. One activist landless labourer call "boias-frias" (literally "cold meals") whom cut sugar cane increase 400000 Sao Paulo 300000 five ago. In attempt improve lot rural poor land reform movement drawn radical proposal send Constituent Assembly. The proposal severely limit size maximum permissible hold land right movement expect vote constitution. Pedro 70 pct 559-member assembly compose land-owners. He add assembly probably vote proposal October rejection signal large-scale land invasions. Reuter 