The Tokyo stock market likely recover recent nervousness cause rise yen threat trade U.S. And resume upward climb broker poll Reuters said. President Reagan's threat impose tariff Japanese electronics export Japan's allege refusal abide bilateral agreement computer chip unlikely cause market crash broker eve fiscal start April 1. The market fell 60.91 point 21566.66. Most broker Tokyo stock rise 10 15 pct come fiscal provide yen rise dollar U.S. Sanctions escalate all-out trade war. "The market continue rise fiscal avoid free-fall dollar yen" Nikko Securities' top analyst Kasuhiza Okamoto said. However broker market unlikely perform past year. "It difficult repeat year's performance. Last bumper live annals market" Kleinwort Benson Ltd's security analyst Peter Tasker. The market rise 37 pct fiscal ending. Tasker Japan's discount rate cut five time past fiscal low force fund bank account stock buoying market. Nomura Securities Company broker come discount rate probably cut twice inflow fund slower. Brokers optimism market base current low rate increase propensity Japanese save economy stagnates imminent introduction tax traditionally untaxed post office saving allure quick easy profit stocks. They Japanese money spare company unwilling invest real plant machinery climate stagnant growth keep snap stocks. "You jump winner jump quick start lose" broker said. Currently Japanese discount rate 2.5 pct. Brokers predict year's winner share benefit domestic expansion. Other winner stock related fight AIDS financial stock food share likely gain government-initiated agricultural deregulation programme issue support Japan's increase defense spending budget. "The theme clear" Nikko Securities' Okamoto. He Japan respond international pressure stimulate domestic demand buy import establish supply base capital. Brokers bank financial institution popular share year. "We consolidate position capital supply base world" Okamoto note Japan world's large creditor nation. Brokers expect government permit Japanese bank start full-scale equity brokerage overseas. They expect relax financial practice law Japan. Brokers expect subsidy Japan's farmer slash cut price food. Beneficiaries move include food processor suppliers. Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone expansion domestic demand top priority broker envisage high profit real estate construction company domestic manufacturers. Brokers deny suggestion market over-extended amount invest 334000 billion yen Japan's gross product. Barclays De Zoette Wedd financial analyst Peter Morgan 20 pct tax post office bank deposit due levy autumn channel 2000 billion yen stock market. Brokers believe report come scientific discovery combat diagnose Aquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) propel related companies' share high risen already. "AIDS story suck individuals' money market. Japanese paranoid AIDS" broker. REUTER 