OPEC's weekend decision cut plan oil output level half 1987 renew market confidence oil price outlook rest boost international spot price oil trader said. Spot crude price stand 80-85 cent barrel high start OPEC meeting Thursday continue rise week said. The optimism spring agreement reach OPEC minister Vienna Saturday fix July-December output ceiling 16.6 mln barrel (bpd). At previous meeting December OPEC provisional 16.6 mln bpd output limit third quarter propose sharp rise 18.3 mln fourth. The ceiling newly restore fix price 18 dlrs barrel. When sign emerge Friday OPEC contemplate cut plan fourth quarter ceiling spot price widely trade crude oil Britain's Brent Blend surge 30-40 cent barrel. Traders trend continued cautious rally morning London take quote level 19.25/35 dlrs compare 18.45/50 dlrs middle week. Most trader international oil market react bullishly news final agreement. They forecast tight supply demand oil increase onset Northern Hemisphere winter far rise spot prices. "There scramble oil third fourth quarter year" trader said. "In past month already see rise demand particularly U.S. And I expect high prices" added. Mehdi Varzi analyst stockbroker Kleinwort Grieveson London agreed. Varzi told Reuters OPEC anything cautious set output ceilings. "There chance Brent crude oil hit 20 dlrs barrel month" said. Laurie Law analyst E.F. Hutton Co Inc New York weekend spot price West Texas Intermediate (WTI) rally 22 dlrs 20 dlrs now. WTI U.S. Benchmark crude usually fetch premium 80 cent dlr Brent. So spot Brent held mostly 18 19 dlrs barrel. But trader fear continued over-production OPEC sound note caution accord. Iraq refuse party agreement OPEC minister repeat demand production quota Gulf War enemy Iraq. In recent month Iraq produce 500000 bpd above assign quota begin pump far 500000 bpd export pipeline come stream September. According Kuwaiti oil minister Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah actual OPEC production fourth quarter above official ceiling nearly 18 mln bpd. REUTER 