The World Bank's policy prevent lending money transfer land landowner landless finance development Philippines' propose land reform bank official said. "The World Bank establish policy cannot resource finance transfer asset another. Our mandate finance investment-related activities" Rolando Arrivillaga bank's resident representative Philippines told Reuters interview. Arrivillaga want clarify report World Bank mission March review land reform bank able finance compensation payment transfer land. He Philippine government bank finance land transfer bank's position take mean rule lending program. "Clearly land reform question land transfer definition transfer asset land landless" Arrivillaga said. "However bank institution finance development aspect program." "We deal deal land effective transfer on-farm investment need attain goal improve income level beneficiaries" Arrivillaga said. "I wouldn't surprised multilateral institution face similar constraints" said. President Corazon Aquino's spokesman week commit launch limit land holding seven hectare use sweep power rule decree Congress convenes July. Presidential spokesman Teodoro Benigno land reform estimate cost 44 billion peso implement phase benefit 2.64 mln farmers. Benigno phase complete transfer rice corn land abandon farmland transfer land sequester expropriate foreclose government cover 1.15 mln hectares. But Aquino decree redistribution sugar banana coconut plantation leave Congress detail Benigno said. Arrivillaga bilateral aid donor form consultative lead World Bank prepared finance land transfers. "I don't fast easy rule international source finance behave situation land reform nature require rich financing able carry reform equitable landowner beneficiary" said. Arrivillaga priority government tap domestic source financing land transfer external assistance brought gaps. "In fundamental reform test willingness government confronts domestic resource requirement" Arrivillaga said. "Multilateral agency nature lender resort. It mean convince government prioritises program." He World Bank finance developmental cost earlier land reform launch former President Ferdinand Marcos 1972 aid channel Land Bank Philippines (LBP). The LBP main implement agency Aquino's program. "If design improve standard living poor certainly prepared consider (lending)" Arrivillaga said. He tendency program exaggerate cost present ten-year perspective one-year context. Arrivillaga government solve financing problem devise effective instrument compensate landowners. Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin landowner likely paid 10 pct cash rest 10-year bond 10 pct value redeemable year. Arrivillaga instrument compensate landowner freely tradable near value added: "The challenge devise defer payment cash." He international financing community watch Philippine experiment interest. "They interest model country open dialogue reform sector population international institutions" said. "I they'll solid base decision launch reforms." REUTER 