Uganda's state-run Coffee Marketing Board (CMB) suffer cash crisis past month due bottleneck export shipment administrative delay handle payment trade source said. The CMB need 10 15 billion shilling (the equivalent seven 10 mln dlrs) pay farmer processor coffee already deliver export revenue insufficient cover expenditure said. The board's cash crisis serious implication economy coffee account 95 pct Uganda's total exports. The CMB's financial difficulty start January follow delay rail-freighting export consignment coffee port Mombasa Dar e Salaam Tanga. These delay cause shortage railway wagon Uganda bottleneck ferry transport Ugandan wagon across Lake Victoria link Kenyan Tanzanian railway system source Marketing Minister John Sebaana-Kizito publicly acknowledge February 19 CMB run arrears local supplier result shortage transport move exports. Sebaana-Kizito payment squeeze resolve weeks. However accident rail ferry ply Ugandan lake port Jinja Kisumu Kenya action February 21 March 15 cause fresh delay cargo movements. Coffee export especially sensitive disruption rail transport president Yoweri Museveni ban haulage road drive save transport costs. Transport difficulty meant February CMB hold unsold coffee stock 750000 bags. These stock equivalent quarter Uganda's expect mln 60-kilo bag 1986/87 (October-September) crop source said. According source board's financial problem aggravate delay processing export receipts. The coffee board take eight week recycle export receipt payment local producer whereas export bill handle local bank half process said. The source CMB's price structure overtaken Uganda's inflation rate unofficially estimate 200 pct far disincentive producer already owe arrears. "The coffee pricing structure wrong month behind foreign exchange rate unrealistic sooner so-called economic package top gear coffee industry economy whole" source said. The government currently negotiate package economic reform World Bank International Monetary Fund aim underpin renew inflow foreign aid Uganda's economic recovery 15 political strife. REUTER 