The Venice summit June 8-10 likely disappoint hop policy whip flag growth accord official summit countries. Worries protectionist threat Third World debt crisis unlikely assuage added. The talk yield agree statement military situation Gulf co-operation fight killer disease AIDS East-West relation said. But summit participant clear major initiative economic issue expected. West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl recent interview "the translation previous announcement policy declaration commitments." The main goal summit strengthen exist agreement secure steady medium term growth avoid "the danger far devaluation dollar" via close co-operation economic financial policy Kohl added. Critics challenged view. They point worry background slow growth especially Japan Germany amid fear pickup inflation U.S. Which lead high rate exacerbate debt crisis. The marginal impact major shift dollar yen mark exchange rate Japanese German trade surplus U.S. Trade fiscal deficit September 1985 Plaza agreement cause concern. Economists recent rise dollar likely quickly reverse absence commitment Venice. But government official expect summit delegation - U.S. Japan Germany Britain France Italy Canada European Community - beyond restate policy goal enshrine February Louvre agreement Group Seven finance minister central bankers. Under agreement aim halt dollar's 20-month decline foster balance growth Japan West Germany eliminate trade payment surplus return U.S. Pledge reduce fiscal deficits. A 6000 billion yen package announce Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone week towards goal appear save Japan widely anticipate summit attack economic policy official said. The package feature government spending tax cut stimulate demand drew cautious welcome European capital reception U.S. Was enthusiastic. Treasury Secretary James Baker comment "Of course implementation key clearly forward movement fulfillment Japan commitments." With Japan signal willingness boost domestic demand rely export growth U.S. And summit country shift attention West Germany press Kohl similar action official said. U.S. Assistant treasury secretary David Mulford worldwide concern German economic growth flag U.S. Would demand Kohl confirm commitment policy review growth continued sluggish. But West German official Kohl fiercely resist pressure. One senior Bonn official "There manoeuvre economic moves." Finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg problem find cash finance tax cut promise 1990 reluctantly let government borrowing rise Bonn official said. Citing fierce opposition West Germany Britain European official rule progress U.S. Plans formal strategy coordinate economic policy base series economic indicators. The U.S. Wants Group Seven country agree level consultation indicator include trade growth exchange rate inflation fiscal deficit show living economic commitments. But Germany Britain fear plan undermine economic sovereignty Britain feel proposal complicate rigid official said. Recent development Third World debt include move large U.S. Banks aside billion dollar cover bad loan feature prominently talks. U.S. And Japanese official seek reactivate Baker initiative summit renew call commercial bank "menu alternatives" restore bank lending debtor countries. Officials scope agreement Franco-British plan aim alleviate burden world's poorest debtor country concessional reschedule sovereign debt Paris Club. The talk include plan dismantle runaway farm subsidy summit nation pay guarantee income farmer secure share market said. The 24 Organisation Economic Cooperation Development (OECD) month support gradual decouple farm production subsidy income support farmers. The U.S. Canada Britain particular keen move quickly OECD breakthrough official said. "What treasury compete now. We farmer able compete international markets" Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney said. The U.S. Intends table specific proposal issue GATT trade body immediately summit signal want negotiation farm trade precedence trade issue include GATT round talk launch Punta del Este Uruguay. "We won't tolerance delay" U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said. But European official resist move make agreement summit unlikely. France EC country insist farm trade dispute resolve wider trade settlement GATT said. REUTER 