Portugal's economy enjoy buoyant period decade strong shrug country's late government crisis analyst said. But April 3 oust Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco Silva's government slow economic reform investment Portugal continue adapt membership European Community join January said. Cavaco Silva's minority Social Democratic Party PSD topple parliamentary censure vote left-wing parties. The centre-right administration economic growth reform priority 17 month office. In 1986 Portugal's economy grow pct current account surplus swell billion dlrs inflation fell 10 pct 20 pct 1985. Analysts businessmen prospect instability worry foundation continued growth badly shaken. "The economy developed self-confidence dependent political situation" Fritz Haser economics professor Universidade Livre Lisbon. "The market doesn't real crisis yet" economist Jorge Braga de Macedo told Reuters. Businessmen identify political instability 13 big obstacle last economic progress. The PSD administration 16th form 1974 revolution. Portugal's develop stock market remain buoyant. Brokers unit trust manager recent surge economic confidence PSD rule largely underpinned continue optimistic forecasts. Investment grow nearly 10 pct 1986 Bank Portugal forecast release PSD government fell predict pace investment overall economic growth remain similar level year. But analyst crisis interrupt current policy slow economic development. Soares expect announce decision month either call election form government party exist left wing-dominated parliament. Many businessmen strongly favour quick election solution. "There chance majority government result elections" Confederation Portuguese Industry (CIP) president Pedro Ferraz da Costa said. He optimistic mean continuation near future liberalisation policy introduce year. The left-wing party favour parliamentary solution PSD want election opinion poll win overall majority. A PSD majority wide-ranging reform relaxation labour law denationalisation industry analyst said. Cavaco Silva accuse left-wing opposition party block key economic reforms. The left-winger Portugal's positive economic result product favourable international condition cheaper oil raw material import PSD policies. REUTER 