Swiss franc note issue May 1 provide prospectus virtually erase difference information requirement note bond accord convention draft Bankers' Federation. The convention require lead manager draw prospectus name syndicate provide detail borrower. In contrast issue prospectus merely available client request via syndicate bank publish distribute print form. The convention approve bank earlier month replaces earlier convention date 1984 deal widely see increasingly anachronistic distinction note issues. Its publication follow debate banker amount information provide borrower heighten difficulty Swiss franc issue recent occasion . It applies note unit 50000 Swiss franc usual denomination place directly customer syndicate quote bourse. Anything small 50000 franc govern unchanged demand rule apply issues. Bankers contact Reuters envisage requirement problem push fees. Many bank provide legal minimum information. Traditionally note private placement know medium term instrument denominate 50000 franc place largely institutional investors. They normally brought onto market quote stock exchange. But distinction note publicly quote trade bond gradually broke down. The National Bank therefore May abolish remain restriction maturity denomination formally divide them. However competence National Bank rule prospectus bank continued largely before: issue generally quote stock exchange provide detailed prospectus note virtually not-quoted equip "information memorandums" vary degree detail. The convention attempt this. It say note prospectus contain follow seven points: - The precise term issue - Details company performance six month annual report - Naming guarantor - The source information - Details rating insofar - For equity link note detail company's share list price low years. - That lead manager require borrower provide information lifetime note progress business. According figure Swiss Bank Corp total note issue foreign borrower reach 18.6 billion Swiss franc compare 23.6 billion franc borrow form bonds. A majority note issue Japanese borrowers. REUTER 