Leaks major Dutch official economic forecast due publish Monday indicate reduce economic growth renew rise unemployment political market source say. Concern anticipate fall Dutch competitiveness background average 2-1/2 pct wage increase zero inflation firm guilder trigger call change monetary policy boost growth. But whatever government's response central bank stick policy keep guilder firm say. The official forecasting agency Centraal Planbureau (CPB) publishes 1987 outlook start week key parliamentary debate government finance economy. Merchant bank Pierson Heldring en Pierson - estimate reflect sentiment - month Dutch economic growth see pct. Domestic consumer spending expect offset decline export growth cause slow growth West Germany main Dutch trading partner low dollar Pierson February economic outlook. The late growth forecast below 1.5 pct growth figure see CPB month forecast 2.5 pct economic growth 1987 September. The fall unemployment bottoming government already admit meet goal reduce unemployment annual 50000 1986 1990. Some analyst industry leader question central bank policy peg guilder firmly mark necessary keep rate support guilder. Employers federation NCW chairman Fred Lempers criticise guilder's revaluation line West German mark January's European Monetary System (EMS) realignment express concern effect competitiveness. But employer federation VNO note Dutch economy competitive 1980 fall dollar affect gain EMS realignment. Some analyst question central bank's decision copy late Bundesbank discount rate cut instead low money market rate abolish credit quota surcharge. Central bank president Wim Duisenberg defend move say bank adjust rate impact money market note "the (4.5 pct) discount rate moment Dutch rate already below market rates." Central bank official heavy dependence trade Dutch economy require stable exchange rate rate policy serve goal. Analysts note capital outflow Netherlands recently foreign investment Dutch stock sell profits. Loosening tie guilder mark reduce international confidence guilder dificult attract foreign capital note Dutch rate rise sharply guilder revalue completely line mark 1983 EMS realignment. Many Dutch bank react favourably decision copy German discount rate cut Pierson warn actually add uncertainty guilder. Some analyst note friction Finance Ministry central bank Finance Minister Onno Ruding have Bundesbank discount rate cut favour low Dutch rate Germans move first. One analyst Ruding want bring rate reduce government debt burden. A Finance Ministry spokesman low rate need deny suggestion conflict view ministry central bank. "The cabinet's policy steady guilder stay mark" said. REUTER 