Amid concern inflation rate increase trade confrontation finance minister central banker meet week discus deteriorate global debt economic situation. The meeting auspex International Monetary Fund World Bank rate turn high already-weak dollar sunk far upset bond stock markets. Uncertainty grow vitality global economy whether heavily-indebted country continue carry burden grow debt vast assistance. Monetary diplomatic source sign debt initiative sort Treasury Secretary James Baker unveiled 18 month ago Seoul works. The strategy drawn serious challenge Brazil suspend payment 67 billion dlrs commercial bank debt month. The Banks respond lay groundwork write Brazilian loans. Separately French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac visit earlier week President Reagan sound administration plan funnel worldwide grain surplus poorest states. The French plan discuss minister detail week's meeting undoubtedly embrace develop countries. "There's country look support special problem poorest country position extreme" Reagan administration official said. He suggest Washington disussing issue. The meeting ass success Baker debt initiative call funding debtor country grow problems. The large industrial country attempt coordinate economic policy hope control decline dollar U.S. trade budget deficit problems. At industrial country little evidence strengthen economic activity Fund forecast grow 2.5 pct. The United States see 3.2 pct growth continue expansion fifth industrial country stimulate economies. These issue directly affect debt ability debtor country grow difficulties. In recent U.S. market absorbed export develop country allow earn critical foreign exchange. But United States want cut trade deficit run record 169.8 billion dlrs press import develop countries. The discussion April six 10 wide-ranging touch everything rate impact development loan environment accord monetary sources. The talk include examination trade protectionist pressure wake decision Reagan administration 300 mln dlrs tariff microchip product Japan source said. The move accelerate dollar's decline financial market grow alarmed trade offing. There concern action prompt U.S. charge Japan sell computer chip product below fair market value kept market close import far undermine international trading system. At minister discus fundamental price weakness basic commodity export mainstay develop countries. The so-called Group Five industrial country -- United States Japan West Germany France Britain -- gather February talk Paris agree keep dollar slide further. The Five join Italy Canada far debate economic policy coordination. As Paris accord surplus country Japan agree stimulate economy America reduce federal budget deficit. Other major issue meeting include U.S. bid large approve loan Inter-American Development Bank strengthen link loan economic policy change debtor nations. Washington press World Bank account environment make loan dam projects. The Bank Barber Conable issue review reorganization plan Bank prepared. Reuter 