The United States likely impose sanction soon import Japanese microchip senator private meeting Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige. Although senator Baldrige told decision take final determination whether Japanese microchip dumped United States virtually sure Japan penalties. President Reagan's trade policy advisory Baldrige member meet issue Wednesday. "I be confident action taken" Sen. John McCain Arizona Republican told reporters. "I be expect sanction sanctions" Sen. Pete Domenici New Mexico Republican said. The senator congressman U.S. semiconductor industry representative met Baldrige State Department official discus Japan's allege violation September 1986 agreement stop dump microchip United States countries. They recommend Japanese firm penalize tariff import duty six 12 month continue dump microchips. The violation worth 100 mln dl Japanese semiconductor industry said. Asked Baldrige intend recommend sanction Sen. Pete Wilson told reporter "The clear import be." "Japan can't comply. We sanction applied" past violation agreement California Republican said. The semiconductor industry produce microprocessor chip technology product range radio defence missile guidance systems. Sen. James McClure Idaho Republican Baldrige told administration final determination Japanese company dumped semiconductor microchip below cost production United States countries. But McClure senator told "There doubt dump on" base evidence invoice purchase Japanese products. The country sign pact September Japan agree stop sell microchip United States country below production cost allow U.S. semiconductor industry access Japanese market. In return United States waive impose import duty Japanese microchips. Japanese official live pact Japanese chip-makers far slash output save pact. Japan frequently target congressional discouragement year's record 169-billion-dlr trade deficit. Tokyo 59-billion-dlr surplus United States surplus countries. The Senate yesterday unanimously pass resolution call action Japan violation pact September. The resolution introduce House week Rep. Bob Matsui California Democrat. Reuter 