The Federal Open Market Committee February 10-11 meeting vote nine maintain then-existing degree reserve restraint minute showed. The FOMC issue asymmetric inter-meeting policy directive give great possibility firmer easy policy. The Committee six seven pct January March annualized growth target M-2 M-3 M-1 goal. At prior meeting mid-December FOMC seven pct target M-2 M-3 November March. The February FOMC kept eight pct Federal fund rate "reference" range policy recent meetings. At telephone conference February 23 committee discuss implication decision reach Paris U.S. intervention foreign exchange markets. No conclusion contain minutes. In inter-meeting policy directive February FOMC "somewhat great reserve restraint slightly lesser reserve restraint acceptable depend behavior aggregate take account strength expansion development foreign exchange market progress inflation condition domestic international credit markets." The February FOMC vote nine unchanged policy. Thomas Melzer St Louis Federal Reserve Bank president favor tighten reserve conditions. He note strong growth bank loan November January firm federal fund rate prevail despite extraordinary pace reserve growth. He cite recent decline dollar's value. Finally look ahead Melzer point potential far rise inflationary expectations. He believe prompt restraint avert substantial tighten later. Regarding inter-meeting policy adjustment FOMC minute show "the generally policy implementation especially alert potential firm reserve conditions." In view FOMC somewhat great reserve restraint warrant monetary growth slow line current expectation concurrent indication intensify inflationary pressure background strong economic data. One indication potential price pressure far tendency dollar weaken. The minute show member presumably Melzer prefer directive contemplate ease week ahead. However "most rule possibility slight ease inter-meeting period view condition move likely emerge." The FOMC assume future fluctuation dollar's value sufficient magnitude significant effect Fed's economic projections. In addition anticipate considerable progress reduce federal budget deficit. Reuter 