stock market deregulation -- heard Tuesday Canadian security industry set fireworks. Some company quickly take advantage deregulation significant move likely road analyst say. They foreign firm focus bond trading debt financing underwriting area experience rule allow provide government debt financing advisory services. "When learn Canada retail" Carney Merrill Lynch Canada. "Then eventually start buy little guys. If big boys' price come they'll take one too." Under rule barrier kept bank brokerage house insurance company trust firm others' business swept favor wide-open competition. The deregulation sometimes nickname "Little Bang" allow Canadian bank domestic financial institution security unit acquire exist brokerages. Foreign company able form security division Ontario buy 50 pct Canadian firm. A raise stake 100 pct. Foreign firm enter Canada 1971 currently 10 pct Canadian brokerage. Deregulation expect generate major shakeout June 30 involve merger exist firm buyout foreign domestic financial giants. So deal reality despite swirl rumor merger talks. In heat deregulation fever Canadian investment dealer demand time book value scar prospective suitor analyst said. "I (the brokerages) low ask prices" financial service analyst Jeff Carney Merrill Lynch Canada Inc. recently terminate talk acquire prominent Canadian brokerage Burns Fry Ltd. "I (a ask price) scar Merrill Lynch Burns Fry" add Carney. "It lot money. When asset walk difficult pay amount cash." Carney factor slow pace buyout uncertainty final deregulation rule issue approve mid-June. Most major foreign Canadian financial player focus deregulation strategy planning Canadian security unit buying seat Toronto Stock Exchange Canada's large equity market. Japan's Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. recently bought seat Toronto's exchange United States investment bank Salomon Inc. Goldman Sachs Co. plan Canadian subsidiaries. The propose foreign investment Ontario firm include agreement New York's Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. raise stake McLeod Young Weir Ltd. 30 pct 10 pct British firm James Capel Co. acquire minority Brown Baldwin Nisker Ltd. Several industry watcher predict flood foreign acquisition likely newcomer familiar Canada. Canadian firm international alliance compete increasingly global security market industry official said. "That hope regulator change throw Canadian global firms" Toronto Stock Exchange president Pearce Bunting told Reuters recently. Canada's six major bank expect proceed cautiously security field. Analysts broker expensive bank cop Brazilian loan problems. Banks tough merge cautious bureaucratic culture leaner free-wheeling security dealer said. While bank approach security firm seek merger partner yet bought brokerage choose build security unit within. Last week Royal Bank Canada country's big bank end merger talk Canadian broker Wood Gundy Inc. month negotiations. But analyst Thompson forecast bank finally acquires exist firm "all bank jump in. "They don't perceive miss something" Prudential-Bache Securities Canada Ltd. analyst Albert Thompson believe brokerage expensive risk banks. Reuter 