Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson content current level sterling welcome today's announcement far half cut British bank base lending rate 10 pct. However want gradual approach decline domestic U.K. Interest rate optimism financial market push move quickly. He told briefing economic journalist "I don't rush anything." Lawson stress theme "gradualism steadiness" economic policy. Lawson acknowledge today's fall rate response budget fiscal 1987/88 unveiled yesterday Parliament low target key Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR) 1.0 pct GDP. Lawson recent cut base rate month form half percentage decline "perfectly consistent" monetary condition Britain. He support say narrow M0 money supply aggregate "safely inside" flucuation band six pct 1986/87 1987/88. In budget Lawson explicit target range broader sterling M3. Turning question Britain eventually join exchange rate mechanism European Monetary System (EMS) Lawson repeat "it unlikely enter election." He Britain keep subject full EMS membership constant review. But indicate chief consideration government. Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher late decision whether join depend strength U.K. Economy. But move depend EMS country scrap residual capital controls. Although Lawson denounce "the current wave election fever" Britain added: "It likely election year" not. He support election clear air. "Ideally (the government) full term" event force premature poll Lawson said. The government 1979 call election June 1988. Speculation rise either June autumn election political source said. The decision cut basic tax penny 1987/88 "was balance economically politically" said. Lawson's decision restrict fall standard rate tax two-pence surprised analyst predict Treasurys coffer full tax revenue allow government reach goal 25 pct move. But praise political analyst shrewd move advance towards aim seize opposition party overtly try bribe electorate. Lawson told journalist surprised PSBR undershot original assumption 7.1 billion stg 1986/87 -- billion stg. Returning change level rate Lawson stress "they objective (for government) - instrument policy." Consequently Treasury precise target domestic borrowing level said. But "there rate consequences" change level government borrowing added. Lawson U.K.'s relatively level real rate hurt investment Britain. He condition create London's role lead financial centre cause sterling rate high real term countries. Three factor cause high level relative rate Britain Lawson said. First control credit Britain rest rate alone due freedom financial markets. He reason political uncertainty cause propose spending plan opposition Labour Party. Thirdly "we track record low inflation" U.S. Japan West Germany. Lawson foresaw London become world's pre-eminent financial centre international character favourably place zone New York Tokyo. REUTER 