Bally Manufacturing Corp's propose offering 24 pct Health Tennis Corp unit see step towards sale entire unit analyst said. "In longer-term horizon Bally want concentrate game businesses" analyst Dennis Forst Seidler Amdec Securities Inc. Last week Bally consider sale non-casino unit Six Flags amusement park unit analyst fetch 300 mln dlrs. Bally spokesman Bill Peltier "the company currently hard plan sell health club company term we'll wait offering goes." Once Bally's big revenue producer health club unit 1986 operating income 60 mln dlrs revenue 456.2 mln dlrs 28 pct Bally's revenues. Analysts estimate unit sell 300-500 mln dlrs. Analysts Bally's decision offer share unit step sell it. "It seem obvious offering decrease health club unit's debt increase cash flow operating income make attractive buy third party" Steven Eisenberg Bear Stearns said. On Monday Bally file Securities Exchange Commission initial offering 24 pct 5.8 mln share unit's common stock 13-15 dlrs share. About half proceeds 40 mln dlrs reduce parent Bally Manufacturing's debt swell 1.6 billion dlrs due recent hotel acquisition purchase share Donald Trump threaten hostile takeover accord Bally treasurer Paul Johnson. Remaining proceeds stock offering separate offering 50 mln dlrs 20-year convertible subordinate debt repay 75 mln dlrs short term senior bank debt health chain unit Bally spokesperson said. Analysts Bally's health club unit's profit remain strong skeptical industry's range prospects. "The fitness club industry 10 grown tremendously question whether fad permanent lifestyle" Eisenberg Bear Stearns. Analysts fitness club likely flourish stay peak health consciousness overcapacity likely occur consumer enthusiasm wanes. In addition "the return fitness club industry game industry" analyst. There 6500 fitness club U.S. exclude club run not-for-profit organization accord Association Physical Fitness Centers estimate 8.0-billion-dlr-a-year industry. Asked anyone offer buy unit nation's large health club chain Peltier "no money offer buy it." "The fitness industry fragment industry leader opportunity growth acquisition standardization" Wayne LaChapelle chief financial officer Livingwell INc WELL> nation's large fitness chain operator whih LaChapelle Livingwell interested acquisition opportunity "could afford acquisition size Bally time." Reuter 