The departure James Baker's closest aide Deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman change course Washington's domestic international economic policy U.S. official said. Darman work alongside Baker six widely credit help mastermind initiative currency management international economic cooperation. U.S. Officials Darman played key role shepherd President Reagan's sweep tax reform plan U.S. Congress. But flatly dismiss suggestion departure investment banking firm Shearson Lehman Brothers signal Baker team break Treasury Secretary leave soon. "It really mean opportunity up" official said. Another comment "Baker miss he's stand way." There widespread speculation autumn Darman sought Wall Street job. Officials Darman passage tax reform late marked appropriate moment bow out. Baker acknowledge Darman sorely missed. "Dick Darman contribute mightily success administration past six departure represent substantial loss" said. U.S. Officials admit Darman's absence undoubted blow Baker rely policy advice White House Reagan's term Treasury. One aide described Darman "indispensable" Baker. Baker widely stable currency Darman generally credit official nation Baker's lead theorist issue favour target zone limit currency fluctuations. Earlier monetary source U.S. Treasury unsuccessfully sound ally target zone system. But U.S. Official dispute assessment Darman go Baker abandon international initiatives. Baker's Reagan's Economic Policy Council spearhead trade policy skill negotiate Democrat-controlled Congress before. Darman's strength economist political strategist "and that's Baker's strength too" official said. There already indication Baker throughout government rely closely-knit circle adviser move swiftly successor. One possibility Baker turn George Gould hold Treasury position Under-Secretary. Gould close confidante know Baker years. Before join Treasury November 1985 Gould partner Wall Steet firm Wertheim Co formerly head Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette Securities Corp. The Darman announcement eve semi-annual meeting International Monetary Fund World Bank policy Darman help shape debated. He help Baker devise September 1985 Plaza Agreement United States Japan West Germany France Britain curbed dollar's strength. The pact major turn U.S. Policy end period disdain economic cooperation intervention currency markets. Darman work Baker initiative Tokyo Summit agreement intensify coordination economic policy lead industrial country recent Paris Agreement stabilise currency stimulate global growth. These policy collectively aim redress huge gap Japan West Germany's trade surplus United State's massive trade deficit. That policy goal remains prime objective Reagan Administration change Darman's departure. REUTER 