The U.S. urge reluctant commercial bank seriously consider accept novel Philippine proposal pay bill believe innovation fully consistent Third World debt strategy Reagan administration official said. The official's comment suggest debtors' plea rate concession treat seriously commercial bank case develop nation carry genuine economic reforms. In addition signal bank reconsider idea "megabank" Third World debt pool suggest administration support plan formally propose it. At official express reservation scheme ground. The Philippine proposal together Argentine suggestion "exit bonds" issue troublesome role bank debt strategy underpin flag role private bank plan official interview Reuters. "All fit definition initiative novel unique approach considered" official named. In October 1985 Washington outline debt crisis strategy commercial bank multilateral institution World Bank International Monetary Fund (IMF) urge step lending major debtor nations. In return America call debtor country enact economic reform promote inflation-free economic growth. "The multilaterals perform debtor perform well" official. But admit large Third World debtor Brazil clearly exception. The official played key role develop U.S. Debt strategy administration economic policymaker idea commercial bank improve role resolve Third World debt crisis. "We call begin bank syndication procedure process whereby operate effectively" official said. Among idea official suggestion commercial bank create "megabank" swap Third World debt paper so-called "exit bonds" bank regional American European institutions. Such bond theory rid bank lend money former debtor money package assemble suggest Argentina current negotiation loan 2.15 billion dlrs. He emphasise "megabank" administration plan "something suggested." Other U.S. Officials Japanese commercial bank examine creation consortium bank assume Third World debt. This plan actively consideration differ slightly official described. But official express deep misgiving plan United States. "If bank suitable fine. I don't will." He point bank swap Third World loan capital megabank reluctant provide money debtor institution. Meanwhile official praise Philippine plan payment debt cash 5/8 pct above Libor. "The Philippine proposal interest it's quite unique I don't it's categorically reject hand" official said. Banks found level unacceptably low offer alternative Libor payment cash margin above pct form Philippine Investment Notes. These tradeable dollar-denominated note six-year bank swap cash maturity country guarantee payment 7/8 Libor. Until banker criticise spread low. The talk week aim stretch repayment 3.6 billion dlrs debt grant easy term 5.8 billion already reschedule debt. The country enjoy strong political support Washington Corazon Aquino owes overall 27.8 billion dlrs debt. But official deny plan amount rate capitalisation development unacceptable banks. "It's rate capitalisation write spread Libor exist before" official comment suggest ought grant rate concession seek. "Some argue (cutting spread) debt forgiveness... What really narrow spread money" added. He U.S. Debt strategy sufficiently broad initiative include plan Philippines'. Reuter 