The State Texas face record 5.8 billion dlr budget deficit consider introduce income taxeconomic analyst said. Such possibility unthinkable state's enormous wealth oil gas revenue easily allow Texans luxury pay personal corporate income tax. However year's dramatic slump oil price sent Texas economy tailspin cut heavily state's tax revenues. Both Moody's Investor Services Standard Poor's cut credit rating double A top triple A March. Moody's Vice President George W. Leung Texas' rating lower 1962 add report note "the Legislature consider proposal restore budget balance medium term prospect full recovery weak." With slight improvement economy see State Comptroller Bob Bullock Texas Legislature grapple billion dlr deficit August 31 4.8 billion dlr deficit biennium. No U.S. history face deficit. "There strong independent streak Texans five ago I dream State Legislature institute income tax" George Bland Assistant Professor Political Science North Texas State University add "Now contact Legislature tell it's come it's inevitable it's matter time." State tax oil gas production traditionally supply third state's revenues. However source fall 15 pct recent year's price slump state's dependence sale tax approach 50 pct. Bland believe Tax Reform Act major factor state's decision sale tax longer deductible federal income tax income tax is. John Kennedy senior research associate Austin-based Texas Research League "There deal popular sentiment plus plank Governor Clements' platform tax increase alone tax." However oil price fall face choice either institute income tax broadening possibly raise sale tax. Steve Pejovich director Center Free Enterprise Texas A M University opponent income tax favor reform tax account change structure economy. "We rely traditional source oil agriculture real estate service industry manufacturing high-tech" Pejovich said. Tony Proffitt aide State Comptroller Bob Bullock "Bullock oppose income tax warn Legislature tire look everything else that's option." Apart Texas individual income tax Alaska Florida Nevada New Hampshire South Dakota Washington Wyoming For Attorney General Jim Mattox rule Legislature carry current billion dlr deficit biennium consitution require balance budget. But State Treasurer Ann Richards Thursday "Jim Mattox's decision turn heat pressure cooker goose isn't cooking." Opponents high tax argue favor spending cuts. But already pressure Federal District Court clean overcrowd prison -- 24 mln dlrs month fines. And U.S. Education Secretary William Bennett accuse lax education reform. Earlier house Legislature cite financial restraint teacher morale pass bill abandon plan require teacher competency tests. Bland believe commission "study alternative revenue sources" income tax institute January 1989. "If political leader educate (the effect Tax Reform Act) I gradual drift income tax" said. Reuter 