Interest currency future market shift soar British pound potentially explosive Canadian dollar dull Continental Japanese currency analyst said. The June pound add 6.3 cent past week-and-a-half reach contract 1.5930 dollar Monday spawn new-found speculative boom. "Brokers push client somewhere...and technically pound shape" PaineWebber analyst Jason Gillard said. "We've try bullish approach pound we're stay there's reason change" Smith Barney analyst Craig Sloane said. Many trader pound/short West German mark future position cross-trades liquidate yesterday Sloane said. The fundamental key pound's rise relatively U.K. rate vague optimism surround British economy analyst said. "Money seem chase yields" William Byers Bear Stearns 10-1/2 pct U.K. base lending rate. Many analyst skeptical far gain pound inference Bank England seek relieve upward pressure currency push rate nation's budget release March 17. The budget impact depend receive analyst relative rate oil income remain main influence currency. However market able absorb low U.K. rate country cut discount rate extend pound's rally Sloane said. The Canadian dollar rise pound Sloane analyst cautiously predict move soon. The sideways price pattern June contract small small price range form "bull flag" price chart technically-oriented analyst said. "It make explosive type situation lead breakout" upside Sloane said. Byers agree potential June Canadian dollar rally above 77.00 cent level recent close 74.80 cent U.S. dollar. "At stage game I'd call market long-term positive technical burden proof close above (the previous contract of) 75.25" Byers said. As traditionally active currency stability catchword reluctance watchword analysts. Sloane June Swiss franc June German mark held above support 0.6400 0.5400 respectively closing 0.6438 0.5430. Yesterday's rebound show market respectful Paris accord threat central bank intervention G-5 nation plus Canada. "We probe parameter are" Byers "but reluctant don't central bank (to intervene)." Gillard mark drop previous price consolidation 0.5250 base profoundly sluggish West German economy buyer level. Reuter 