Major U.S. bank lift prime lending rate day due recent increase borrowing cost speculation Federal Reserve nudge rate dollar economist said. In prime rate boost mid-1984 bank April lift rate quarter 7-3/4 pct cite reduce gap prime cost money. That spread narrow again. "A prime rate increase happen soon tonight" Robert Brusca Nikko Securities Co International Inc. Brusca quarter-point prime rate rise eight pct justified spread banks' cost fund prime rate narrow quarter percentage point. He spread average 1.4 percentage point October fell below trigger April prime rate rise banks. "We easily prime rate increase soon week" David Jones Aubrey G. Lanston Co. "We've fairly chance prime rate rise near future" Allan Leslie Discount Corp. "Based spread prime rate funding cost ordinarily prime rate increase now" Harold Nathan economist Wells Fargo Bank. However bank reluctant lift prime dampen already fairly weak loan demand sure Fed maintain recent upward pressure money market rates. Nathan believe Fed market pressure lift short-term rate recent day ail dollar. He "if widespread belief money market rate stay prime rate rise occur time." Fed official express concern steep dollar drop rekindle U.S. inflation. As dollar fell 40-year low yen Friday currency trader Fed central bank support dollar. In addition buying dollar outright stabilize U.S. currency Fed push U.S. rate high relative overseas rates. Based particularly Fed's reserve management action Friday Nathan Wells Fargo "it clear Fed fully resist upward rate pressure market. It supply few reserve needed." Bank funding cost short long-term rate rise sharply Friday heighten speculation Fed gently firm monetary policy. That Fed supply few reserve market economist expected. On Friday Fed add reserve indirectly amount via billion dlrs customer repurchase agreement Federal fund rate bank lend 6-5/16 pct. With fund trading high 6-1/2 pct Fed arrange slightly large 1.5 billion dlr round customer repurchase agreements. "The Fed's action Friday show offering token resistance upward fund rate pressures" Jones Lanston. "The Fed focus policy attention mainly defend dollar" Jones said. He believe merely shade policy restraint "but major impact dollar Fed tighten policy overtly point." Jones expect Fed foster high market rate become restrictive supply reserve six week raise discount rate 5-1/2 pct. Jones U.S. discount rate increase six pct accompany West German Japanese rate cut far aid dollar. Given likely Fed policy firm yield 30-year Treasury bond (about 8.30 pct now) prime rate 8-1/2 pct end-June nine pct year's end. "The jury whether Fed tighten policy defend dollar" Leslie Discount Corp. He tax-date pressure push Fed fund lately. Leslie Fed action reserve data pressure abate show whether firm policy. Reuter 