Latest Federal Reserve data suggest U.S. banking flush reserve period traditional tightness overall monetary policy hold economist said. "There ample liquidity.... The Fed shift gear month" Maria Ramirez Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. "Technical seasonal consideration aside (credit) market excite about" add Robert di Clemente Salomon Brothers Inc. Adjusted bank borrowing Fed's discount window average 228 mln dlrs week bank statement period end Wednesday compare 233 mln 451 mln week previous periods. Another sign abundant liquidity upward revision banks' net free reserve two-week period March 11 daily average 759 mln dlrs estimate 660 mln. Finally Fed spokesman told press briefing 14 money center bank absent Fed's discount window third week run late week's borrowing split regional small banks. While modest market intervention apparently defuse funding pressure week late statement period economist predict Fed aggressive come weeks. The Fed inject temporary reserve directly indirectly five trading day via customer repurchase agreements. "Fed fund come relatively intense pressure" Salomon's di Clemente note approach month- quarter-end round holiday tax date April. "The Fed face seasonal add requirement" Ward McCarthy Merrill Lynch Co Inc expect permanent bill purchase week coupon purchase April. Economists hearten far sign deceleration money supply growth largely discredit M-1 gauge closely watch M-2 M-3 aggregates. M-1 grow mere 500 mln dlrs week March nine compare private forecast 2.3 mln dlr rise. Weekly M-2 M-3 component hint slow overall growth. "The M-1 increase surprisingly modest I suspect moderate M-2 M-3 figure March" Salomon's di Clemente. Merrill's McCarthy below bottom respective target ranges. In February M-2 18.2 billion dlrs below upper limit M-3 20.8 billion beneath. Noting Fed Vice Chairman Johnson's encourage remark inflation recent rate cut overseas economist suggest slow monetary growth lend support call far accommodation here. "Our belief move downwards rate anything else" Salomon's di Clemente add key swing factor continue strength U.S. economy. Jeffrey Leeds Chemical Bank agree economy's health remain main influence policy contrary di Clemente recent sign faster growth inflation lead high rate first. Drexel's Ramirez commit herself either add major move wait April 14 February's U.S. trade data due release. Reuter 