Spain's socialist government aim restore confidence foreign bank generation sector push complete reform industry's tariff structure senior government official said. Most foreign bank refuse extend fresh loan mainly privately-owned sector Fuerzas Electricas de Catalunya S.A. (FECSA) major utility default billion dlrs foreign currency debt earlier year. Secretary State Economy Guillermo De la Dehesa told Reuters interview government-inspired tariff mechanism provide automatic increase guarantee term viability industry. He bill sent Spanish Cortes (parliament) summer enable tariff increase system. De la Dehesa decline technical detail scheme know "Marco Estable" (stable framework) future tariff increase failure past adjustment cover rise costs. "The utility company captive market assure satisfactory tariff structure world in" De la Dehesa said. FECSA's debt crisis cause concern foreign Spanish banker express fear utility company default lack fresh fund unless confidence industry's future restored. Spain's 14 lead utility massive debt short medium term exposure 4377 billion peseta year. A significant proportion foreign currency banker say. The tariff plan currently discuss representative utility industry Spanish banker shortly present foreign creditor De la Dehesa said. FECSA's problem precipitate February stock exchange suspend trading company's stock ground meet debts. "FECSA special case" De la Dehesa "but bank fright extend crisis rest utility sector. We really expect this." Much foreign bank lending utility sector strength government commitment international banker presentation London 1983 support industry. "I foreign bank lending basis declaration energy authority London reason tariff pass law" De la Dehesa said. "This palpable declaration" added. De la Dehesa believe confidence restore sector FECSA's debt problem quickly solved. A recently form steer committee represent FECSA's foreign creditor due meet FECSA manager Barcelona Tuesday round talk reschedule ail utility's debt. FECSA's General Manager Jose Zaforteza told Reuters climate talk greatly improve tariff proposals. "You cannot wrong manage electrical utility provide tariff charge sufficient cover costs" Zaforteza said. The General Manager Madrid branch U.S. Bank lent money FECSA little significant progress reschedule talk detail tariff proposal known. "We cannot projection FECSA's ability pay debt unless tariff be" said. "If annual increase period five six pct it's completely ball game" said. REUTER 