Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone sound conciliatory note Japan's increasingly bitter row United States trade computer microchips. "Japan want resolve issue consultation explain stance thoroughly correct point corrected" quote Kyodo News Service saying. While express regret America's decision impose tariff import Japanese electrical good Nakasone Tokyo willing send high-level official Washington settle dispute. Government official Japan formal request week emergency talk side probably meet week day April 17 deadline Washington tariff effect. Tokyo expect propose joint U.S./Japan investigation American claim Japanese company dump cut-price chip Asian markets. Yesterday Washington announce plan 300 mln dlrs tariff import Japanese electronic good retaliation see Tokyo's failure live bilateral chip pact. That agreement hammer late month heat negotiation call Japan stop sell cut-price chip market buy American-made chips. Nakasone's comment distinctly conciliatory Trade Industry Minister Hajime Tamura earlier Japan ready "appropriate measures" Washington ahead sanctions. Ministry International Trade Industry (MITI) official sought downplay significance Tamura's remark main message side talk urgently issue. But admit Japan consider take United States GATT Geneva-based international organization police trade Washington impose tariffs. Any Japanese action probably take Article 23 General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) said. If article invoked GATT panel consider legality U.S. Action. But official hope avoided. "It wishful think possibility United States lift decision date" Tamura said. In announce U.S. Sanctions yesterday President Ronald Reagan prepared lift evidence Japan longer dump chip market open market imports. Japanese government official confident pact work. They export cut-price Japanese chip unregulated distributor dry MITI instruct domestic maker cut output. While acknowledge harder increase Japanese import American chip MITI official ministry do ensure happens. The Ministry recently call Japan's major chip user whom lead producer step purchase foreign semiconductors. A spokesman company Toshiba Corp TSBA.T> firm announce plan week so. He expect Japanese company likewise. REUTER 