Federal Reserve data release indicate policy change recent week none likely week's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting economist said. "The Fed continue accommodative provision reserve indicate policy shift begin year" Harold Nathan economist Wells Fargo Bank. "These number suggest FOMC change policy" Robert Brusca Nikko Securities Co. "The Fed sit fairly pretty now. There's real reason change policy" Joseph Liro S.G. Warburg Co Inc. Liro economy show moderate growth require immediate policy ease money aggregate March bottom target ranges. All economist agree Fed's major concern recent weakness dollar week heavily support central banks. They fear hurt dollar cause Fed cautious lower rate further. Numbers release Fed line expectation similar data year. The Fed banks' net free reserve average 603 mln dlrs two-week statement period end Wednesday versus 749 mln dlrs previous period. In single week Wednesday banks' borrowing discount window extend credit average 302 mln dlrs compare 228 mln dlrs week statement period. Meanwhile Federal fund rate average edge 6.14 pct 6.08 pct. The Fed's failure add reserve market Tuesday Wednesday surprised economist data release suggest real add reserves. The Fed's absence explain lack press supply reserve desire boost borrowing week statement period meet borrowing target Liro Warburg. Liro Fed probably shoot two-week borrowing average 300-325 mln dlrs. The borrowing actually average 265 mln dlrs late statement period 191 mln dlrs prior period. Brusca Nikko agree Fed probably aim two-week average discount window borrowing 300 mln dlrs. He correspond Federal fund rate 6.10 pct. It nearly impossible Fed hit borrowing target demand excess reserve erratic Wells Fargo's Nathan. He Fed focus instead fund rate try keep roughly six 6-1/4 pct band. Upward fund rate pressure reserve-adding anticipate statement period today. More Brusca believe Fed add 3.5 billion dlrs reserve statement period. Liro put add 3.9 billion dlrs. To partly address requirement expect Fed add permanent reserve effect Thursday offering buy maturity Treasury bill Wednesday. A similar coupon "pass" require later. There great demand fund statement period include close quarter. Further upward pressure Federal fund rate window dress demand Japanese fiscal end March 31. Reuter 