The glitter gold generate three-way competition world's large future exchange 100-ounce contract precious metal. When Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) re-introduces gold future trading Tuesday (at 9 a.m. CDT) toe-to-toe uphill battle Commodity Exchange Inc. New York (Comex) brokerage executive describe world's precious metal future capital institutional business. And autumn old big exchange Chicago Board Trade (CBT) expect join fray Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) approves pending application 100-ounce gold contract trade side-by-side CBT's small kilogram (about 2.5 U.S. pounds) gold futures. The CME introduce 100-ounce gold future contract 1974 lack force abandon instrument July 1986. CME official investor brokerage firm exchange reintroduce contract recent volatility precious metals. Other factor influence decision clearing problem May force Comex shorten trading straight day effort clear huge backlog unresolved trade especially silver futures. Comex's problem create window opportunity exchange successfully offer precious metal contract industry source say. But predict whether exchange inflict serious damage Comex' daily trading volume 40000 contract represent commitment buy sell gold 2 billion dlrs. While average daily trading CBT's small gold contract aim retail customer institution 500 contract throughout 1986 surpass 1000 contract daily past months. "The climate venture CME" Merrill Lynch Commodity Marketing Vice President Neil McGarrity. "Everybody talk metal interest daily trading range provide opportunity bull bears. There's trading volume outlets" McGarrity added. "The Merc's gold future insurance dealer merchant customer market trading" heavy gold silver future volume cause Comex close Jack Lehman senior vice president director commodity Shearson Lehman Bros. Inc. Comex board member. Delivery point vary exchange's 100-ounce gold futures. Comex contract deliverable New York warehouse CME contract specifies London delivery CME account Samuel Montagu Co. Ltd. member London gold market. The CBT gold application specifies delivery New York Chicago vaults. The Comex CBT apply CFTC earlier precious metal opening match CME's start 7:20 a.m. CDT. The exchange earlier start allows trading government report release 7:30 a.m. CDT. CME marketing source arbitrage possibility exist side-by-side trading note local interest generate trader deal foreign currency short-term debt future gold future contract far hedge financial risks. "If dollar rise trader sell currency buy gold" David Johnson CME's manager currency products. The Chicago Board Trade see extra advantage gold trading. "Given trading session add either pending 100-ounce gold exist 5000-ounce silver contract attract overseas business" CBT official said. Which market identify precious metal capital appear major issue professionals. "We've see Chicago bring constituency needs" Mocatta Metals Chairman Dr. Henry Jarecki said. "Merchants CME anywhere trade liquid contract. Our firm exception" Jarecki said. "At bad CME gold future fail Comex pressure improve integrity clearing processes" CME official added. Reuter 