West Germany stand firm week's economic summit Venice foreign pressure follow Japan's example multi-billion dlr package stimulate economy West German official said. They concede Japan's announcement week 6000 billion yen plan bolster economy throw spotlight West Germany redouble call partner stimulate sluggish growth. (See ECRA page late Economic Spotlights) This view already voiced Washington official spoke weekend behind-the-scenes consultation Chancellor Helmut Kohl aim secure quick pledge action economy. Italy's central bank governor Carlo Ciampi criticize West Germany's reluctance "to utilize economic potential" expansionary policies. But West German official virtually inconceivable Kohl concession Venice despite sharp economic downswing start year. "There manoeuvre economic moves" official echo statement Kohl Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg. Stoltenberg already problem find cash finance series tax cut promise 1990 budget stretch limit. He reluctantly let government borrowing rise federal income fall result tax cut hope stimulate growth satisfy foreign critics. "West Germany exhaust furthest limit fiscal scope growth employment concerned" Stoltenberg month. But U.S. Treasury Assistant Secretary David Mulford Europeans U.S. Were worried flag German growth. "We concerned continued sign weakness German economy" said. Other U.S. Officials France share worries. Kohl Venice day publication figure expect show West German economy actually contract month 1987. West Germany pledge review measure far growth endanger official expect review necessary. Bonn say economy rebound quarter predicts growth pct year. West Germany's trading partner likely wait vain far pump-priming Bundesbank. Bundesbank vice-president Helmut Schlesinger clear bank keep rate plan cut Bundesbank's key discount rate pct near historical lows. Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl spoke weekend country play role international economic scene. "We recognise limit economic growth country Germany" said. This stance take Kohl outline expectation Venice summit interview week. Referring West Germany's tax cut low rate "With policy significant contribution growth balance development economy." Kohl expect initiative Venice reckon confirmation agree policy pact Paris February sought stabilize dollar. That pact involve pledge United States Japan respectively cut massive American budget deficit stimulate Japanese demand. Kohl remind Washington Tokyo promises. REUTER 