Chrysler Corp take step automobile towards military contract purchase Electrospace Systems Inc ELE> analyst said. "A chief goal Chrysler gain military Gulfstream plane cause dramatically" analyst Gary Glaser First Boston Corp. Chrysler bought Gulfstream Aerospace Corp 1985 earlier Electrospace agree acquire friendly merger 367 mln dlrs. Analysts merger continue trend automobile industry diversification carmaking. General Motors Corp GM> paid five billion dlrs Hughes Aircraft aerospace company 1985. A earlier bought Electronic Data Systems data processing firm 2.5 billion dlrs. Meanwhile Ford Motor Co F> add First Nationwide Savings move financial services. Ford huge stockpile cash indicate aerospace Lockheed Corp LK> rumor target. Both Ford Lockheed deny rumor accord analysts. Ford 9.5 billion dlrs cash security analyst said. "The overall strategic thrust (within car industry) somewhat sensitive vagary automobile sale cycle" analyst Jack Kirnan Kidder Peabody Co. "One company feel particularly GM Chrysler diversify aerospace" Kirnan said. Ford "a little bit laggard" concern investors. Chrysler's move auto 1985 purchase Gulfstream 637 mln dlrs. Defense analyst Chrysler pay price Electrospace auto analyst regard modest outlay company. Electrospace earn 10 mln dlrs sale 191 mln dlrs fiscal 1987 end April 3. Kirnan Chrysler trouble digest Richardson Texas electronics firm buying American Motors Corp AMC> billion dlrs deal close year. "Chrysler hand full absorb AMC absorb lot debt" Kirnan make heavily leveraged auto company. But analyst relative size Electrospace easy Chrysler absorb. Analysts note Hughes contribute significantly GM Gulfstream provide 57 mln dlrs pretax earnings Chrysler year. In statement Chrysler 92 pct Electrospace's sale military. In addition help Gulfstream gain government Chrysler believe electronics technology automobile business. Robert Miller Jr Chrysler Corp vice chairman Gulfstream's example involves electronics composite aerodynamic design. "Those technology win automobile 1990s" Miller told Reuters. Electrospace add significantly electronics said. Miller Electrospace earnings hurt one-time item recover year. Miller cash pay Electrospace. "They substantial presence Washington 150 professional people. They accounting system Texas manage Defense Department" said. Both move Gulfstream military market. "Gulfstream traditionally aim commercial market kettle fish" Miller said. Reuter 