More U.S. And European firm fall prey Japanese corporation bulge cash eager extend reach far overseas accord merger acquisition specialist poll Reuters. Already rich Japanese company pounce U.S. Banks steel businesses. In late attempt Fujitsu Ltd ITSU.T> -- Japan's big computer maker -- unsuccessfully bid Fairchild Semiconductor Corp> U.S. Microchip maker supply component supercomputers. Nomura Securities Co Ltd NMSC.T> Daiwa Securities Co Ltd DSEC.T> Japan's large brokerage firm seek niche U.S. And European security market country's huge bank look stronghold overseas banking takeover specialist said. Major trading house profit evaporate heat increase competition merchandise trade foreign business shopping lists. Among manufacturer car part maker pressure buy overseas company follow auto maker subcontract move offshore. "The timing favourable Japanese party buy potential overseas business especially U.S. -- Japan's large market political risk minimal" takeover specialist trading company said. Japanese company world's richest series boom export yen climbed dollar 40 pct past 18 months. But yen's strength raise cost Japan's export allow Asian neighbour move traditional market frozen Japanese corporate growth specialist said. Looming trade friction threaten erect barrier Japanese exports. Japanese firm overseas acquisition avoid gloomy growth outlook excess cash work. Domestic rate record low offer little investment opportunity. "Japanese acquisition continuous recent economic factor drive force" banking industry source. So Japanese cautious. While merger acquisition U.S. Firms thousand Japanese buyout overseas company total dozen merchant banker said. Another merchant banker flurry Japanese acquisition activity originally expect five span appear long. Japanese firm become aggressive said. A turn Dainippon Ink Chemicals Inc's DIAC.T> takeover bid Sun Chemical Corp> U.S. Last analyst somewhat hostile added. Dainippon Ink bought Sun Chemical's graphic art 550 mln dlrs late earlier unsolicited bid company. Sun Chemical refuse sell entire learn Dainippon plan liquidate graphic arts-related businesses. Hostile takeover consider unethical frown Japanese trading company official says. "Japanese don't fighting. They prefer peaceful amicable deals." But experience overseas Japanese company acquaint local practice adds. "This healthy progression." However expert expect Japanese run board meeting giant U.S. Or European concerns. "Japanese company fully confident manage U.S. Or European corporation" banker said. "They expand operation gradually typical Japanese business." A foreign merchant banker note "There mega-deals left United States. A lot deal already done." But medium-size concern potential target Japanese company specialist said. Japanese aim business high-technology areas. "Japanese company technology quality unlikely deviate trend" takeover specialist said. Many watch result acquisitions. If succeed activity build specialist said. But specialist sit wait action begins. Already Japanese trading house long-term credit commercial bank brokerage foreign merchant bank research section act go-between deal buy themselves. REUTER 