First City Bancorporation's sale 54 mln dlrs oil loan Prudential-Bache significantly reduce energy problem bank's loss virtually guaranteed continue analyst said. The package energy loan sell book value First City show gain loss bank spokesman James Day. He add First City sell bank's remain 1.4 billion dlrs oil-related loan raise cash. The loan First City oil producer oilfield service supply companies. Day already classify nonperforming charge loss identify include categories. The loan purchase Prudential Bache's Energy Growth Fund limited partnership create month 90 mln dlrs funding invest oil gas properties. First City Texas bank hit hardest downturn oil price lose record 402 mln dlrs fiscal 1986 seek merger partner capital assistance. The Houston-based bank's nonperforming asset total 897.1 mln dlrs yearend 563.1 mln dlrs 1985 Analysts buyer likely interested troubled bank unless government assistance available. "Their problem limited energy. They substantial portfolio real estate. This sale won't company look potential buyer" Ray Archibold banking analyst McCarthy Crisanti Maffei Inc. "It reduce bank's exposure energy loan 54 mln dlrs substantial amount" Archibold "but deal represent pct energy loans." Of First City's total loan portfolio 9.9 mln dlrs 14 pct 1.4 billion dlrs energy producer supplier analyst said. Its record loss cause past status nation's top lender oil gas producer supplier boom day late 1970s 1980s. First City half loan sell Prudential Energy Finance Co. entity form 1982 loan money "more venturesome" oil borrower promise high potential return. The half loan First City's lead bank Houston. Chris Kotowski analyst Oppenheimer Co. sale package energy loan encourage news First City months. "It's solve First City's problem it's transaction them. It sell additional loans" Kotowski said. "Prudential fund cheaply First City there's incentive invest troubled energy company value depressed" In statement First City chairman J.A. Elkins bank's strategy reduce proportion energy loan total loans. "This move believe transaction help far able suffer loss." Reuter 