India's private businessmen place unequal footing raise money capital market government company woo investor issue attractive tax-free bonds. Stock broker banker poll Reuters equity share debenture issue float private firm provide high return shorter maturity fast lose popular appeal liable wealth income taxes. Brokers investor transfer fund government company bond tax-free status easy transferability. About 100 private company postpone plan issue equity share debenture quarter fiscal 1987/88 partly account fierce competition sector bond merchant banker said. They include equity share right issue worth billion rupee plan issue month Tata Fertilisers Ltd add issue postpone indefinitely. "The government bond make serious inroad private sector companies' resources" R. P. Goenka president Federation Indian Chambers Commerce Industry. "The discriminatory tax treatment equal facility provide sector mobilise resource market common both" Goenka said. A senior Finance Ministry official government private firm free compete raise resource add correct sector-issued bond prevent private firm raise money stock market. "Debentures equity share float private company account 60 pct total capital raise stock exchanges" ministry official said. A spokesman Bombay stock broker Batliwala Karani government bond value 20 billion rupee 40 pct 50 billion rupee raise government non-government firm domestic capital market 1986/87. The share 35 40 pct 36.95 billion rupee mobilise 1985/86 said. "To save tax commercial bank mainly foreign bank private company invest surplus fund tax free bonds" said. "Individuals invest bond gain tax benefit investor equity debenture float private company selective basis" spokesman said. The maturity period government company bond varies seven 10 years. No wealth income tax payable nine pct seven-year bond carry 13 pct 10-year bond subject income tax amount^M exceeds 7000 rupee year. Equity share 14 pct non-convertible debenture 12.5 14 pct convertible debenture issue private company exempt either wealth tax tax income earn them. The government bond list security trade India's major stock exchanges. They sell freely stock market simple endorsement debenture sell company broker said. Government company try capitalise boom stock market 1984/85 spark liberal tax concession reform exchange operation broker said. The National Thermal Power Corp NTPC government company issue bond raise billion rupee January break monopoly private company capital market. The seven-year NTPC bond oversubscribed time broker said. Official figure show bond float government company heavily oversubscribed. More company sought Ministry's permission issue come months. NTPC's bond issue 1986 raise 4.51 billion rupee 1.2 billion originally permit Finance Ministry. The Mahanagar Telephone Nigam mobilise 3.83 billion rupee authorise 1.5 billion month Indian Railway Finance Corporation's record susbcription total 5.5 billion rupee authorise 2.5 billion. In case government allow company maintain oversubscribed amount broker said. Goenka government bond make increasingly difficult private company launch equity debenture issues. He government "fix suitable limit fund raise bond sector." Merchant banker government press company borrow reduce financial support them. To ease internal debt burden government reduce budgetary support development investment 120 sector company 69.92 billion rupee 1987/88 77.92 billion earlier official figure show. REUTER 