Floating-rate note denominate foreign currency relatively wrinkle Wall Street probably issue infrequently so-called "window opportunity" open close quickly trader say. "In day issues. As result market become glutted" trader. He window depends supply foreign exchange rate risk moment. "Obviously currency risk important. But limited investor paper" said. On Thursday Bear Stearns Co sole-managed 100 mln New Zealand dlr offering three-year floating-rate note issue Ford Motor Credit Co unit Ford Motor Co F>. The initial rate note April 15 quarterly 200 basis point below 90-day New Zealand bank bill rate. They non-callable life. This follow week Bear Stearns-led offering amount New Zealand dollar note Dow Chemical Co DOW>. The initial rate initially April 15 quarterly 340 basis point below 90-day New Zealand rate. Because Dow Chemical note carry rate floor 17 pct issue strong investor demand underwriter said. But Ford Credit note Friday's offering 130 mln New Zealand dlrs floating-rate note due 1990 issue General Electric Co's GE> General Electric Credit Corp via Prudential-Bache Securities Inc floor. "Obviously firm issue floater risk New Zealand rate fall sharply" underwriter syndicate said. He note New Zealand 90-day rate 27 pct late week. An underwriter familiar Dow Chemical deal point rate currency swap Dow issuer comfortable set rate floor. Domestic offering foreign currency denominate date surface Fall 1985. By use currency rate swap company sell debt pay rate foreign currency Australian New Zealand dollars. But issuer actually realize saving borrowing costs. "I company issue foreign currency debt save basis point compare same-maturity plain vanilla U.S. issues" analyst said. Investors mainly institution attract issue rates. They willing absorb foreign currency risk mid-1986 sharp slide post Australian New Zealand dollar brought issuance quick halt. It late currency stabilize company start issue debt denominate Australian New Zealand dollars. But investor shy debt remember mid-1986 downturn Australian New Zealand dollar analyst noted. To attract investor fold underwriter Bear Stearns decide structure foreign currency issue float rate debt source said. This occur backdrop uncertainty course U.S. rate intermediate term prediction economist Treasury yield rise half source noted. A Bear Stearns officer half Ford Credit note sell late Friday afternoon offering. "That quicker recent fixed-rate New Zealand dollar note issues" said. However underwriter Bear Stearns syndicate issue sell faster Prudential-Bache offer General Electric Credit note Friday. They point Ford note rat A-1 Moody's Investors AA-minus Standard Poor's General Electric note rate term non-callable maturity carry top-flight AAA rating agencies. "We sell 20 25 pct GE notes. For first-day sale Friday afternoon I'm happy results" officer Prudential-Bache's syndicate desk said. Investors pay U.S. dollar equivalent foreign currency-denominated note underwriter said. Investment banker floating-rate issue New Zealand Australian dollar-denominated debt probably week away. "I underwrite deal day. But Dow Ford GE offering marketplace being" Prudential-Bache officer admitted. Meanwhile IDD Information Services 30-day corporate visible supply fell 3.29 billion dlrs week 3.98 billion dlrs previous week. Reuter 