The highly visible drama involve yen's sharp rise U.S. Dollar obscure Japanese currency hardly budge major European currency create exchange rate distortion Japanese European research official said. The official look beneath rhetoric statement Group Five (G-5) industrial nation told Reuters currency movement past create fundamentally trade picture throw trade tension imbalances. Trade figure show currency alignment already change Japan-U.S. Trade axis Japan- European Community (EC) axis discomfort Europe. In way term rare international cooperation September 1985 New York Plaza pact U.S. Japan West Germany Britain France cut value dollar historic one. But underlie peak trough major currency movement lay bare real picture Plaza pact appear event prime importance necessarily central significance official said. The official Plaza agreement dollar already down. The agreement simply help way. Senior EC financial expert Tokyo Tomas de Hora watch movement closely. "You look dollar's peak compare Plaza" said. On February 25 1985 dollar peaked yen 263.15 yen. On September 20 Friday Plaza 242. Since despite massive Bank Japan intervention periodic market fright far G-5 concert action dollar trend down. Yet ECU 173.4 yen. The historical cross rate sterling mark tell story. The European currency move yen. The close relationship exchange rate trade flow make difficult drive undoubtedly trade equation changing. In 1986 Japanese import export EC grow 50 pct dollar term five pct yen. This give Japan 16 billion dlr trade surplus. Last January Japanese export EC total half sale U.S third recent years. Trade U.S 1986 rise 23 pct export 12 pct import dollar term fell 13 pct export 21 pct import yen terms. "The basic meaning Europe Japanese firm tremendous export Europe unit sell maximises profit yen term them. Suddenly instead U.S. It Europe lay golden egg" de Hora. The EC worried. EC remarkable Japanese sale explain partly due start base compare total Japan-U.S. Trade. The Japanese EC firm competitive U.S. Firms factor aggravate exchange rate imbalance cause problems. "This currency alignment Japan EC reflect excellent performance EC countries. But therefore Japanese good keep price competitive edge" Azusa Hayashi Director First International Economic Affairs Division Foreign Ministry. "If objective view I don't expect drastic improvement trade imbalance. Last moderation export again" said. REUTER 