U.S. retail sale rise sharply February economist underlie consumer spending trend remains weak. February retail sale jumped 4.1 pct 2.5-3.0 pct rise financial market anticipated. But January's sale revise 7.4 pct drop previously report 5.8 pct decline. "The trend continued spending certainly sluggish pace" Don Maude Midland Montagu Capital Markets Inc. Maude average wide swing retail sale data past month show pace consumer spending slowing. Combining late data 0.6 pct drop November 4.6 pct gain December average retail sale gain month 0.2 pct compare 0.4 pct rise year-over-year sale February. "You pattern developing" Maude said. "I wouldn't surprised fall-off March especially sale probably won't boost auto sale February." Despite weak underlie trend economist impressed robust 1.5 pct gain total sale exclude auto February. This compare revise 0.4 pct decline January previously report 0.1 pct decline. "The increase non-auto sale broadbased gain durable good non-durables" note Ward McCarthy Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Inc. "It pretty healthy report." He note building material rise 1.8 pct February fall 1.7 pct January. General merchandise store sale gain 1.4 pct 1.6 pct rise January. "There sign economy" McCarthy said. "But it's jumping conclusion extrapolate report future." A 0.7 pct increase disposable personal income January link tax law probably help boost spending February said. "A lot inadvertently under-withholding tax paychecks" said. "When country increase disposable income inclination spend it" said. Economists tomorrow's release U.S. auto sale 10 day March indicator sector add quarter spending. Auto sale account lion's share total February sale rise 14.4 pct. This follow 27.7 pct drop January previously report 22.4 pct fall due largely expiration sale tax deduction tax law January 1 Commerce Department noted. Some economist argue gain total sale exclude auto follow decline January strength February report impressive. "There strength February data that's compare low sale level January" Beth Reiners Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. "We don't precursor continued strength." Durable good sale rise 8.8 pct February fall 17.7 pct January. February non-durable good sale gain 1.3 pct decline 0.2 pct January. Gasoline service station sale rise pct February follow 1.9 pct gain January economist high oil price increase volume gas sale probably account gains. Reiners emphasize trend consumer spending weakening. Total retail sale average 123 billion dlrs fourth quarter 1986 said. In January fell seasonally adjust 117.52 bilion dlrs February rise 122.29 billion dlrs. "On average look they'll total 120 121 mln dlrs quartrer" said. "We don't look indication economy barrelling along." "The really problematic constructive bond market" agree Elliot Platt Donaldsen Lufkin Jenrette Securities Corp. Platt foresee potential tighter monetary policy basis late retail sale report. "The Fed hold data confusing" said. "Before 337000 gain February non-farm payroll employment I look discount rate cut March" said. "But Fed official wait quarter real U.S. gross product data April sort out." Reuter 