The extraordinary foreign exchange loss 480 mln mark report week Volkswagen AG VOWG.F> (VW) outside currency trader probably involve currency source said. They comment weekend newspaper report prosecutor transfer focus enquiry Frankfurt West Germany's main foreign exchange centre. Volkswagen announce Tuesday call prosecutor investigate fraud involve currency hedging. The newspaper Welt be Sonntag investigation prosecutor consider whether allege VW currency manipulator outside banking accomplices. The transaction "because culprit possess genuine bank form able deceive controller years" newspaper said. But currency source loophole bank's currency deal control easily avoided. Rolf Selowsky financial member management board resign wake affair VW spokesman said. Selowksy's resignation follow VW announcement Friday foreign exchange chief Burkhard Junger dismiss Guenther Borchert financial transfer department suspend Siegfried Mueller central cash currency clearing. Four foreign exchange staff suspend charge laid. VW Supervisory board chairman Karl Gustaf Ratjen entire data tape erase program alter forge transactions. Der Spiegel magazine VW financial controller discover uncovered position February 18 VW expect currency forward contract Hungarian National Bank mature Hungarian bank official transaction suppose contract forgeries. The Budapest-based bank refuse buy dollar comment affair. The Hungarian National Bank Soviet Bank Foreign Trade major East Bloc currency trader major bank base Germany deal regularly. It source bank renege genuine forward contract immediately know effectively prevent bank operating far spot forward currency markets. Longer-maturity forward contract contract 10 become common longer large contract likely transact domestic institution. Being Germany's diversified multi-nationals VW exposure currency dealt bank Frankfurt abroad sometimes currency broker reputation do relatively little hedge currency source said. "They (VW) market trading bank" senior dealer said. Some newspaper report loss incur VW's failure currency hedge contract begin 1984 dollar rising. But currency source market speculation dollar income billion dlrs involve bulk transaction occur 50 pfennig dollar lose dollar fall continued. Longer-maturity currency contract 100 200 mln dlrs rare. Taking size single bank easily spot financial controllers. One senior dealer German bank "There's hop it. It's big." The source add involvement Federal Criminal Office (BKA) Wiesbaden indicate investigation lead outside Germany. BKA mandate handle criminal case involve foreign police force supranational service Interpol. However branch handle case transcend federal border Germany. REUTER 