Japanese security house bank eager enter market lead-management mark eurobonds ban Japanese institution lift entry difficult Japanese banker said. Most Japanese security house bank establish concrete plan enter lead-management soon term clear probably year. Japan's large bank The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd consider expand banker said. Japanese bank exclude lead management mark eurobonds Bundesbank open market foreign bank May 1985 due lack reciprocity German bank Japanese market. Last Japanese slow opening grant West German bank investment licences. Pressure Tokyo step week U.K. Government source Britain revoke licence Japanese bank security firm operating London renewal progress towards opening Japan's market foreign competition. A spokesman Dai-Ichi Kangyo representative office bank naturally consider option expand mark security trading operation Frankfurt. Sources bank's London branch bank already seriously planning move. Expanding secondary operation improve placement capacity Japanese house intend move lead management mark eurobonds. But Japanese bank already establish secondary market host problem lead management. One find borrowers. One banker Nikko Securities Co Ltd's The Nikko Securities Co (Deutschland) GmbH cost mark issue Japanese firms. "For moment Japanese borrower mark expensive" said. Many prefer Swiss franc eurodollars. A Japanese borrower five-year equity warrant eurodollar bond issue 2-1/2 pct swap domestic yen rate pct. But mark swap opportunity limited. In addition Japanese company commit already German banks. To avoid sour relation German bank cooperate Japanese house prefer find borrower see mark sector. Names include Sanyo Electric Co Ltd Nishimatsu Construction Co Ltd count Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd bank Hokkaido Electric Power Co Inc recently give presentation Industrial Bank Japan's unit here. Japanese bank face find local personnel easy. "They definitely manpower problem" Swiss banker said. Swiss American bank trouble attract top German managers. But Japanese cultural difference harder Germans overcome. Success depend whether Japanese parent allow German subsidiary independence operate interference. Once establish problem expect extra competition shave margins. Extra competition cut management fee mark sector. Separate management underwriting fee common erode German underwriting profitable compare centres. A bank unsure really involve business. "I don't Sumitomo 100-pct concrete plan moment unless development" banker West German commercial branch Sumito Bank Ltd Duesseldorf said. Apart commercial branch Duesseldorf Sumitomo rep office Frankfurt primarily engage commercial banking. If Sumitomo security operation full subsidiary said. REUTER 