The dollar's recent sign stability raise hope 27-month decline nearly currency analyst refuse commit themselves June 12 release U.S. trade data April. "The trade data decide factor dollar bottom out" Jim McGroarty Discount Corp. Since February 1985 dollar nearly halve value yen mark officially orchestrate campaign U.S. good competitive market redress gap trade imbalances. On April 27 dollar fell 40-year low 137.25 yen enjoy modest recovery week top 145 yen nearly months. Many economist believe dollar fall ease trade deficit's drag U.S. economy. The U.S. trade gap narrow 13.6 billion dlrs March 15.1 billion February expect show continued improvement April volume real terms. Keiichi Udagawa Bank Tokyo New York far progress report dollar towards 150 yen. "There grow consensus dollar bottom medium term" add Tom Campbell First National Bank Chicago. Other factor support bullish view grow expectation Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker reappointed third four-year term August Japan's larger-than-expected economic stimulus package week favorably technical chart signal analyst said. The dollar aid Japan's move dampen speculative sell Tokyo report active central bank intervention support dollar. The Federal Reserve Bank New York week U.S. monetary authority bought billion dlrs February-April period -- large amount dollar crisis late 1970's. Discount Corp's McGroarty described Fed's intervention volume "impressive". James O'Neill Marine Midland Bank positive however: "the dollar yet bottom out. After trade data release dollar fall towards 1.77 mark 140 yen." Similarly Natsuo Okada Sumitomo Bank New York warn "I don't dollar bottom yet." Although dollar rise 146.50 yen Okada market impatience painstakingly slow decline U.S. trade deficit lead renew pressure. Currency analyst warn unfavorable reaction seven-nation economic Summit June 8 10 Venice likely focus implementation previous commitment yield fresh initiatives. President Reagan "economic policy decision Tokyo year's meeting Group Seven finance minister Paris Washington cannot ignore forgotten." "The commitment meeting translate action" add speech celebrate 40th anniversary Marshall aid plan Europe. Now Tokyo unveiled fiscal stimulus package analyst expect Bonn dollar/mark rate bear brunt U.S. call far action. Marine Midland's O'Neill "pressure build Germany stimulative action Japan." Some Japanese bank dealer warn dollar hold above 145 yen month attack seem late economic package have impact Japan's economy trade surplus. Reflecting longer-term uncertainty trust bank Japanese insurer keep short dollar positons hedge exchange loss foreign portfolio start cover short position Japanese bank dealer said. Reuter 