The depressed offshore oil industry wait turnaround despite increase optimisim oil price stabilize 18 dlrs barrel. "The perception turnaround come change prices" Charles Siess Jr vice chairman Marathon Manufacturing Co subsidiary USX Corp X> chairman National Ocean Industries Association press briefing Offshore Technology Conference. "From level industry activity turnaround" added. John Huff president Oceaneering International Inc OCER> slightly optimistic. "We low cycle -- there's increase projects" add "whether come order knows?" The oil industry recover year's dramatic fall oil price 30 dlrs barrel late 1985 10 dlrs mid-1986. Particularly hard hit service company provide oil rig key product pipe tools. Earlier week Secretary Interior Donald Hodel announce -- Conference -- government's five-year offshore oil gas lease propose 38 sale include tract Gulf Coast offshore California Arctic National Wildlife Refuge Alaska. For industry disappointed plan argue additional area included. At supportive Hodel. Environmental concern particularly California lobby strenuously offshore oil development. "The (Outer Continental Shelf) lease fails account environmental performance oil industry" Bill Bradford executive vice president Dresser Industries DI> president Petroleum Equipment Suppliers Association. Huff quote National Academy Science figure show offshore rig contribute pct petroleum pollution ocean tanker responsible 47 pct municiple dump 31 pct. "The OCS keystone domestic reserve development program" Siess add oil import rise 50 pct U.S. oil consumption issue security. Looking ahead Constantine S. Nicandros president Dupont's DD> Conoco Inc subsidiary "We likely five pct increase spending widely-forecast five pct decrease." Other optimistic sign include recent sale New Orleans offshore tract Gulf Mexico raise 290 mln dlrs expect 90 mln. However Ronald Tappmeyer vice chairman Reading Bates Drilling Co RB> oversupply rig continue near-term add demand technologically advanced rig increase 1990s. Much demand see come move icreasingly deeper water project become expensive need five ten develop. Over 50 pct sale New Orleans deep tracts. Ronald L. Geer consultant Shell Oil Co subsidiary Royal Dutch/Shell RD> president Marine Technology Society technology exist drill exploratory well 10000 foot water. Geer industry particularly interested Green Canyon field offshore Louisiana company include Shell Conoco USX Corp's Marathon Oil Co Standard Oil Co SRD> Placid Oil Co work test deep-water technology involve float platforms. Reuter 