Japan's ail shipbuilding industry plan refloat twin rock recession strong yen capacity workforce cut great computer industry source told Reuters. The salvage measure include government-sponsored rationalisation aim claw market Japan leader lose South Korea currency labour cost disadvantage said. The source South Korea's yard 35 pct competitive Japan's due factors. The government plan industry shed 20 pct current capacity merger regroup legislation Parliament month likely approve May June source said. They September semi-government body assure repayment 50 billion yen liability incur job loss sale excess capacity 30 billion buying unneeded land equipment. Last Friday Shipbuilders Association Japan apply Fair Trade Commission form cartel slash tonnage built half total capacity April 1. The commission held hearing industry approval month source said. A clampdown output combine plan cost-cutting streamline support Japanese yard recover international competitiveness said. Under cartel proposal 33 yard capable building ship 10000 gross tonne build maximum mln compensate gross register tonne (CGRT) 1987/88. This half total capacity. This ease cut-throat competition force yard sign order below cost source said. The industry likely seek renew cartel 1988/89 Transport Ministry see order fall 3.1 mln CGRT 1988/89 3.3 mln 1987/88 said. The rationalisation include cut 20000 30000 estimate 100000 worker industry 1986 1989. Japanese yard topped book end-December follow South Korea Taiwan accord Lloyd's Register Shipping. However fall order decline international competitiveness due strong yen lead heavy loss industry source said. Four Japan's six major heavy machinery shipbuilding company report current deficit half March 31 five expect report current deficit 1986/7 said. The shipbuilding companies' streamline raise productivity compete South Korean yard hard hit decline order low ship price recnt source said. In Japan single yard lead industry result fierce competition slow progress reduce capacity. The large firm -- Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd MITH.T> Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Co Ltd JIMA.T> -- account 30 pct ship built source said. "World shipowner hope Japanese yard manage ride recession technology world" official major Japanese shipping company. The Japanese merchant fleet large Liberia's intention shift country buy ship encourage Japanese yard source said. REUTER 