Global trading yen bond future corner expect list soon London International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE) Chicago Board Trade (CBOT) bond manager said. "Internationalisation yen expansion overseas portfolio yen asset key success global trading yen bond futures" Katsuyuki Okayasu manager Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd's bond division. "But Tokyo-based order necessary primary stimulus LIFFE yen bond future market" Tetsuya Dezuka deputy manager money market section New Japan Securities Co Ltd active yen bond broker London. Healthy growth yen bond future market depends basically substantial liquidity cash yen bond market overseas yen become attractive trader dealer said. Outstanding yen cash bond worldwide stand 140000 billion yen held Japan said. An agreement CBOT LIFFE February mutual settlement expect link U.S. Treasury bond future trading London Chicago enable continuous 12-hour session bond manager add move yen bond future trading mind. LIFFE prepare listing yen bond future receive approval Japan's Finance Ministry December. But future market root unless back substantial liquidity cash bond market dealer said. Daily transaction London yen cash bond market stand 200 300 billion yen extent investor- link transaction unknown security bond manager said. "Japanese corporation actively set financing company London suggest increasingly engage fund raise management there" Dezuka said. The steep increase branch Japanese security house London grow number U.S. And U.K. Brokers come Tokyo help London market's growth dealer said. Internationalisation yen likely promote yen bond trading Chicago New York security manager said. The recent removal key regulatory obstacle U.S. Securities Exchange Commission allow CBOT apply Commodity Futures Trading Commission yen bond future contract said. The ruling remove regulation prohibit trading future designate foreign government debt security locate issue country. Fundamental Brokers Inc major U.S. Brokers' broker decide launch yen bond broking display New York April. CBOT's start even session plan April multiply yen bond future trading Nomura Securities Co Ltd bond manager said. But obstacle trading London market. "Problems concern cash bond delivery clearing major obstacle launch LIFFE" Koki Chiyojima deputy manager Nikko Securities Co Ltd's bond administration division. Nikko Securities Co Ltd Japanese security house responsible correspond LIFFE matters. Japan's Finance Ministry start issue bond coupon payment either March September June December April 1 match future delivery months. The ministry pay coupon January June July December. When delivery month coupon payment match 20 pct withholding tax impose earn non-resident bond holder deterrent LIFFE security manager said. LIFFE likely wait outstanding amount bond match month increase billion yen bond manager said. These bond delivery expect cheapest deliverable issue due low rate said. Market participant expect clearing organisation substantial deliverable cash issue make overseas listing probable latter half 1987. REUTER 