U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker hold talk counterpart Europe Japan urge carry commitment recent accord speed economic growth. Baker expect outline proposal make agreement coordinate economic policy binding. The bilateral discussion foreshadow full-blown talk Group Five industrial country join Italy Canada form Group Seven. The five comprise finance minister central banker United States Japan West Germany France Britain. The Treasury Secretary expect Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg British Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson. Baker finance minister intend reaffirm Paris Agreement buttress global economic growth reduce trade imbalance stabilize currencies. Monetary source short communique effect expect meeting ends. These talk form week's semi-annual meeting International Monetary Fund World Bank. At monetary source expect Baker forward proposal originally outline 1986 Tokyo Summit tighten procedure policy coordination. Washington want major nation establish specific policy goal economic growth inflation current account balance payment trade balance budget performance monetary condition currencies. If actual economic performance veers sharply objective country consult whether corrective action necessary proposal says. Monetary source support proposal final Venice Economic Summit June Britain West Germany firmly attempt corrective action automatic. The U.S. Treasury team lead Baker work plan September won support France. Baker meanwhile press Japan West Germany live commitment six week ago Paris boost domestic demand absorb imports. He expect reassure counterpart Reagan administration reach agreement Congress significant budget deficit cut help depress U.S. demand imports. The aim Paris Accord redress huge imbalance trade surplus Tokyo Bonn Washington's massive trade deficit other. Japan particular pressure meaningful stimulus package far rise yen. Financial market appear believe yen high dollar development unacceptable Japan. The Paris Agreement United States Japan West Germany France Britain Canada call currency stabilize current levels. But dollar fell week agreement reach stability temporary dealer await outcome week's talks. Meanwhile representative lead Third World country continue prepare position minister industrial nation week. Monetary source so-called Group 24 develop nation prepare tough communique brand western strategy shore debt strategy failure. They call instead vast assistance industrial great role International Monetary Fund World Bank. Reuter 