The tug-of-war pay develop weapons--contractors government--is likely lead writeoffs defense firm analyst said. Singer Co SMF> Northrop Corp NOC> recently announce plan quarter writeoffs related cost major defense program fixed-price government contracts. "It's company pay environment Defense Department paid for" Howard Mager Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette Securities Corp. In recent Defense Department DOD increase competitive bidding weapon contract contractor pay cost develop weapon programs. The move help cut waste abuse contractor dictate firm assume risk analyst said. "It's stricter environment" Anthony Hatch Argus Research Corp. "Contractors absorb cost risk that's likely trend come." The trend probably lead far writeoffs analyst said. Programs prone agree Advanced Tactical Fighter ATF generation high-technology fighter plane developed U.S. Air Force C-17 air transport plane Light Helicopter Experimental LHX development Army. Other program affected said. The Air Force expect 750 advanced fighter plane 1990s cost 40 billion dlrs analyst said. Two team contractor compete contract develop prototype ATF. Lockheed Corp LK> General Dynamics Corp GD> Boeing Co BA> team competition Northrop Corp NOC> McDonnell Douglas Corp MD> ATF. The team fight award develop LHX Bell Helicopter unit Textron Inc TXT> couple McDonnell Douglas United Technologies Corp's UTX> Sikorsky pair Boeing. The C-17 four-engine transport plane. McDonnell Douglas's Douglas Aircraft Co work test plane production award 210 aircraft late 1989 Douglas Aircraft spokesman said. Under government's procedure contractor spend hundred million dollar development typically recoup investment production. But government sometimes award production contractor develop system. General Electric Co GE> example developed F404 engine Navy. But week ago Pentagon award 30 pct F404 production United Technologies' Pratt Whitney. Such tactic increase competition government risk decimate industry make competitive Michael LaTronica Redding Research Group. "Two ago defense contractor bad enemies. They cost efficient" LaTronica said. "Now DOD allow situation swing danger lose defense industry resource." While nation post trade deficit recent aerospace defense export product import noted. LaTronica change government procurement coming. "I hear Pentagon look situation" John Diamantis defense analyst Pershing Co. He defense electronics firm believe Pentagon begin re-evaluating procurement policy start pay development money. Redding Research's LaTronica like industry despite probability additional unforeseen writeoffs "There's swing sentiment. The defense bashing psychology start shift." LaTronica note government official recently suggest winner ATF prototype award sole production plane specify time. The investment large. The Lockheed General Dynamics Boeing ATF team example spending 691 mln dlrs develop prototype. The danger Pentagon run change company hesitate bid develop instead wait source production award. "But company bust really change people's thinking" LaTronica said. Reuter 