CSR Ltd CSRA.S> bold move sell oil gas interest billion dlrs plough 150 mln traditional sugar share analyst said. "It sound deal" Stuart McKibbin A.C. Goode Co> told Reuters. CSR drop plan float oil gas interest held Delhi Australia Fund> instead sell Exxon Corp XON> unit Esso Exploration Production Australia Inc> 985 mln dlrs. In twin announcement CSR already Australia's large sugar refiner 2.20 dlr share bid 70 pct already hold Pioneer Sugar Mills Ltd>. "This shock market impression CSR road float Delhi" McKibbin said. A float Delhi raise 200 300 mln dlrs opt sell outright CSR cash practically eliminate debt embark ambitious expansion programme best-performing division sugar building product analyst said. CSR get 985 mln dlrs share equally Esso high return result oil price 20 U.S. Dlrs barrel years. Delhi Australia's large onshore oil producer yield six mln barrel Cooper Basin. Analysts deal net CSR mln dlrs dollar rise oil price above 20 dlrs. Neale Goldston-Morris Sydney broker Bain Co Ltd> move Delhi investment sugar industry sensible add represent loss Australian-owned asset foreign company. "The farm bought ago sell Americans" Goldston-Morris said. The Pioneer Sugar investment CSR large player Australia's 850 mln dlr sugar industry access sugar property mill country analyst said. They Pioneer Sugar expect recommend acceptance bid CSR benefit bottom cyclical downturn sugar prices. Sugar price forecast rise 340 dlrs tonne season estimate 270 dlrs said. Selling Delhi meant CSR finally quit damage investment 1981 drag company's overall performance analyst said. CSR write 550 mln dlrs loss 591 mln U.S. Dlr investment finance entirely U.S. Dollar debt said. "It bad investment them. They finance entirely debt currency collapse oil price collapse them" Owen Evans Sydney broker Meares Philips Ltd> said. Esso picked Delhi's oil gas output gain 300 mln dlrs transferable tax loss accumulate exploration allowance concessions. Analysts Esso gain real onshore stake Australia major diversification 50/50 Bass Strait partnership The Broken Hill Pty Co Ltd BRKN.S>. "Esso keen diversify Gippsland Basin. They haven't found oil Bass Strait lately Esso need pool ongoing production" Goldston-Morris said. REUTER 