San Miguel Corp> SMC United Coconut Planters Bank> UCPB reach compromise dispute block 38.1 mln share SMC government panel control sequester share said. Ramon Diaz Chairman Presidential Commission Good Government (PCGG) told Reuters SMC offer price 126 peso share block held trust UCPB. "It look good" Diaz said. But add issue include identity ultimate buyer share resolve PCGG give approval sale. The PCGG's sequestration 33 mln share aborted SMC's bid buy 14 trading company UCPB group. The commission suspect share actually control Eduardo Cojuangco associate former President Ferdinand Marcos. Cojuango head board SMC UCPB flee Marcos topple personally own 24 mln share SMC. His holding sequestration. "The share SMC proposes buy UCPB own 1.4 mln coconut farmers" Diaz said. "Naturally hand Marcos cronies." PCGG source compromise row payment 500 mln peso SMC's Hong Kong subsidiary Neptunia Corp Ltd bid buy share year. The UCPB 500 mln peso payment forfeit SMC Chairman Andres Soriano III fail fulfil commitment buy share originally negotiate price 3.3 billion pesos. PCGG source SMC Philippines' large food beverage manufacturer agree sell 14 mln "B" class share 38.1 mln share Australian brewer Alan Bond price 150 peso share. The PCGG source propose 4.79 billion peso transaction 1.6 billion peso offset 500 mln peso payment 500 mln peso worth prefer share UCPB held SMC 210 mln peso uncollected dividend UCPB share 400 mln peso advanced UCPB-controlled trading companies. The UCPB reject original offer 100 peso share SMC 33 mln share grow 38 mln 15 pct stock dividend declare June year. A spokesman SMC company's 15-member board met discus propose compromise. The spokesman decline comment outcome board meeting say dispute arbitration. President Corazon Aquino month SMC UCPB three-man arbitration panel resolve ownership issue. The panel due submit report April 15. Eduardo de Los Angeles government nominee SMC board file formal complaint Securities Exchange Commission week accuse Soriano eight director violate "fiduciary duty." De Los Angeles oppose decision SMC's board December assume 500 mln peso Neptunia loan. REUTER 