Last week's White House shake-up increase odds Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker symbol strength government reel arms-to-Iran scandal serve third term source close Fed say. But decision appointment fill August take White House Volcker mind. Former White House Chief Staff Donald Regan resign week ex-senator Howard Baker name replacement implacably oppose Volcker try undermine him. It secret Washington Regan try ensure Volcker appoint 1979 President Carter offer third term President Reagan. Only Volcker's key ally Reagan administration Vice-President George Bush Treasury Secretary James Baker kept Regan's recent maneuvering bay source said. Sources close administration Regan leak story quickly shot administration Beryl Sprinkel chairman council economic adviser chosen replace Volcker. But administration's credibility increasingly fire become clear Regan's bring change wane. The source New White House Chief Staff Howard Baker relationship namesake Treasury Department likely respect view Fed chairmanship. As moderate Republican Baker unlikely share right-wing's opposition Volcker. "This White House strength get" source possibility Volcker's reappointment. Paul Volcker deeply respect financial market United States world. At stability dollar viability major debtor nation question Volcker's departure definitely undermine U.S. leadership foreign exchange analyst say. U.S. official Volcker work closely Treasury Secretary Baker issue international debt global economic cooperation. The seem differ deregulate banking industry recent statement Volcker adopt liberal attitude deregulation signal politically-independent central bank come partially Treasury position. And recent statement Reagan administration official "exactly eye-to-eye" dollar see indication Baker's support Fed chairman. Baker understood played key role Volcker's reappointment Fed mid-1983. The source Baker respect Volcker appoint Treasury Secretary February 1985 decide ensure work relationship believe key government economic institution closely. Regan Treasury Secretary President Reagan's term formerly Wall Street's large brokerage firm Merrill Lynch Washington determine America's pre-eminent economic spokesman. He developed deep antipathy Volcker whose political skill undermined ambition financial market seriously. But source Volcker invite stay. "Is president ask him? wouldn't stay otherwise" one. "He'd asked" Stephen Axilrod formerly staff director monetary policy Fed vice-chairman Nikko Securities Co. International. Otherwise list potential candidate awe-inspiring. And Volcker left Augsut leave behind inexperienced Fed Boards years. Many analyst believe lack collective experience -- sit appoint -- dangerous come global economy threaten instability. An experienced successor therefore seem necessity. One widely mention possibility Secretary State George Shultz whose experience Treasury Secretary Preesident Nixon background train economist ideal. But Shultz damage arms-to-Iran scandal vice-chairman Manuel Johnson regard 37 job. Other potential candidate include economist Alan Greenspan frequently informal presidential economic adviser New York Fed President E. Gerald Corrigan Federal Deposit Insurance Corp chairman William Seidman Sprinkel. Long Regan protege Sprinkel's chance damage patron's departure White House. Reuter 