Spectra-Physics Inc consider possibility recapitalizing restructuring seek buyer company follow rejection unsolicitied 32 dlr share bid Ciba-Geigy Corp. In filing Securities Exchange Commission San Jose Calif. gas laser accessory company board Sunday agree plan give 52 top executive bonus range 20 50 pct base salary stay company August 29. In reject takeover proposal U.S. subsidiary Swiss-based Ciba-Geigy AG company unfair. The Spectra-Physics board vote unanimously Ciba-Geigy representative participate reject Swiss-based chemical pharmaceutical company's takeover bid cite opinion financial advsior Morgan Stanley Co Inc "inadequate unfair financial view holder shares" company said. The board authorize special committee Morgan Stanley "vigorously investigate pursue authorize alternative maximize value shareholders' investment company" company said. Among alternative special committee consider sale company third party 32 dlrs share recapitalization restructuring include self tender offer and/or asset disposition dividend Spectra-Physics said. The "retention plan" 52 top officer pay average bonus percentage 28 pct salary said. Spectra-Physics board approve plan "in encourage key operating personnel remain company period turmoil uncertainty engender (Ciba-Geigy) offer." Under plan executive entitle cash bonus stay company August 29 receive earlier fire reason gross willful misconduct leave company salary sharply cut. Spectra-Physics file suit Ciba-Geigy yesterday U.S. District Court Wilmington Del. charge make takeover bid false mislead violation security law violate intent July 9 1985 standstill agreement. Spectra-Physics Ciba-Geigy indicate standstill agreement unsolicited takeover proposal company intent agreement Ciba-Geigy acquire 20 pct company unless takeover threat. Ciba-Geigy 18.8 pct Spectra-Physics Reliance Group Holdings REL> control New York investor Saul Steinberg control 12.8 pct. Spectra-Physics agreement prevents Ciba-Geigy raise stake beyond 20 pct Jan 1 1992 unless person 10 pct voting power. Reuter 