Japanese investor reluctant buy West German stock consider attractive buy have take beating past investment manager said. Although Frankfurt stock market world's large capitalisation wealthy Japanese institution view small. They worry venture market British investor recently bail said. "There's turnover absorb amount buying Japanese do" West German investment manager said. There danger Japanese institution unable liquidate holding quickly market take sudden downturn added. "Japanese familiarity West German stock limited" investment manager said. "They blue chip name don't know." The recent rapid advance Tokyo stock market deter Japanese wander market abroad investment manager said. Japanese fund manager afraid criticism buy unsure overseas market market continue advance Seiji Yamamoto senior manager Dresdner ABD Securities Ltd's Tokyo branch. If gain investment abroad lag behind Tokyo market difficulty explain funds' performance added. The Frankfurt market's 15 pct depreciation begin cause Japanese investor turn investment manager said. The Frankfurt slump stem expectation slow corporate growth due mark's strength dollar withdrawal fund British institution London market's liberalisation investment manager said. "Right Japanese investor take wait-and-see attitude condition market remains unfavourable" said. Although nibble West German stock particularly week buy short-term trade long-term investment investment advisor West German firm said. Investment manager believe genuine West German stock develop six months. Japanese fund manager favour New York London market Frankfurt market interested diversify fund said. Some manager travel Europe look opportunity unlikely ignore West German stock especially average price/earnings ratio 11 said. The Frankfurt ratio compare 16 U.S. And London market 52 Japanese market Guenter Kirchhain vice president Deutsche Bank AG said. "This mismatch sooner generate enormous alignment potential" said. The West German market reasonably average price/earnings ratio 16 added. Japanese investment plan soon clearer institution begin April said. However fund manager agree investment West Germany soon. "Japanese buy market decline fundamentals" said. When West Germany's fundamental economic indicator appear bottom turn investment added. Another manager Japanese wait investment trend U.S. And British investor West German market. "They wait someone move" said. REUTER 