Japan's economic policy fierce international attack hope fade substantial drop trade surplus international monetary source said. At meeting week Paris senior government official major nation consider Organisation Economic Cooperation Development (OECD) staff report forecast continue Japanese trade surplus said. Though Japanese export expensive yen's sharp rise dollar tend surge growth pick accord OECD. As solution OECD staff urge Japan redirect export-driven economy boost domestic demand import adopt flexible fiscal policy said. That recommendation echo call recently secret meeting International Monetary Fund's executive board. The monetary source Japan's policy criticize board met consider country's economy annual consultation hold members. The United States recently reluctant criticize Japan's fiscal stance join attack said. The IMF staff cast doubt Japanese government's forecast 3.5 pct economic growth fiscal begin April 1. Most independent forecaster include IMF believe growth calendar 1987 below pct monetary source said. The Finance Ministry particularly sensitive criticism already mount domestic pressure boost economy hard-hit yen's rise. The yen's climb lose exporter sale profit huge American market. Tokyo eager avoid suggestion far yen rise need cut trade surplus amount record 93 billion dlrs. Japan cannot tolerate far rise yen Foreign Minister Tadashi Kuranari recently. The yen close 151.53 dollar. Most Japanese politician include Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa clearly hop yen weaken government official said. At meeting Paris month Britain Canada France Japan United States West Germany agree cooperate hold currency current levels. Officials word represent compromise. Miyazawa hope agreement hold yen stable month weakens year. Japan want Paris communique imply high value dollar substitute word "recent" "current" United States want clearly dollar's weaker level word "present" said. In month lead February 22 agreement dollar drop 10 yen. The official sought discredit suggestion market recent U.S. Action prevent dollar rise above 1.87 mark point 153 155 yen ceiling U.S. Currency. Japan attack OECD forecast say account structural change Japanese economy trigger strong yen. Officials already sign that. More company announce plan move production facility offshore advantage cheaper cost abroad said. REUTER 