Leading domestic semiconductor maker boost import cut production key memory microchip month line government attempt ward U.S. Trade sanction company spokesman said. The move persuade U.S. To call sanction despite obstacle full implementation plan analyst said. The tariff affect 300 mln dlrs worth product retaliation Japan's allege failure honour semiconductor trade pact. In announce sanction Friday President Reagan Japan fulfil promise halt predatory pricing Japan's market foreign products. But U.S. Trade representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday U.S. Television U.S. Is willing drop tariff Japan show "clear indication" market U.S. Goods. The Ministry International Trade Industry (MITI) urge producer slash output chip 11 pct quarter follow call reduce production 20 pct previous quarter. MITI urge maker boost chip imports. Analysts move encourage Washington cancel tariff ahead month's meeting Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone President Reagan. "The U.S. Wants satisfied. It rattle sword show business" analyst Nick Edwards Jardine Fleming Securities Ltd Tokyo. But analyst caution Japanese producer cut output boost import -- key U.S. Withdrawal sanction -- difficult. "The U.S. Does low-end consumer IC's (integrated circuits) Japanese consumer products. They're supply here" Richard May senior analyst Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd Tokyo. The U.S. Leads production medium high-end IC's Japanese maker keen develop high-end production skill analyst said. "The Japanese prepared trade loss semiconductor return free access areas" Edwards. A spokesman Hitachi Ltd HIT.T> firm's reduce output 256 kilobit dynamic random access memory (256K DRAM) unrelated MITI's effort ward trade sanctions. Decreased production natural result company increase output one-mln bit DRAM's said. Company official unveiled follow plan - - NEC Corp NESI.T> Japan's large chipmaker plan slash production 256K DRAM semiconductor 29.41 pct six mln month monthly average 8.5 mln quarter. In begin April 1 NEC boost chip import comprise 20 pct NEC chip consumption before. - Hitachi Ltd's HIT.T> April output 256K DRAM's fall 25.93 pct mln compare 5.4 mln March. The company try boost import specific target. Imports currently low. - Toshiba Corp TSBA.T> reduce April 256K DRAM production 16.67 pct mln consider way boost import company official said. Toshiba agreement Motorola Inc (MOT.N) sell U.S. Firm's chip Japan. The firm planning joint-venture production memory chip Sendai northern Japan. - Mitsubishi Electric Corp (MIET.T) trim quarter output 10 pct 5.5 mln 5.6 mln chip compare quarter. Plans call increase import official "boosting import difficult depends sale demand." - Fujitsu Ltd (ITSU.T) cut production accord MITI guideline boost import currently low levels. - Oki Electric Industry Co Ltd (OKIE.T) reduce April production 10 pct March's 3.2 mln. Oki study way increase import 10 pct fiscal begin April 1 previous year's total five billion yen company official said. REUTER 