Japan sought assure U.S. It try keep foreign equity Japanese international telecommunication company below legal limit 33 pct Post Telecommunications ministry official said. In letter sent yesterday Postal Minister Shunjiro Karasawa told U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige ministry object foreign participation U.S. Firms express interest. But oppose foreign international telecommunication carrier have management role said. The move appear effort dampen U.S. Opposition plan merger rival firm seek compete current monopoly Kokusai Denwa Denshin Co Ltd> reduce share held KDD rival U.K.'s Cable Wireless Plc CAWL.L> industry analyst diplomat said. One rival firm International Telecom Japan Inc> (ITJ) offer stake company eight U.S. Firms include General Electric Co GE> Ford Motor Co F> Citibank NA CCI) European company ITJ president Nobuo Ito yesterday. Cable Wireless hold 20 pct share potential KDD rival International Digital Communications Planning Inc> C Itoh Co>. Merrill Lynch Co Inc MER> Pacific Telesis International Inc PAC> U.S. Hold 10 pct share respectively. The Post Telecommunications Ministry urge merger firm say market support single KDD competitor. It reject management participation international common carrier Cable Wireless argue international precedent stake exists. Cable Wireless Director Corporate Strategy Jonathan Solomon yesterday told ministry official opposes merger proposal limit Cable Wireless' share pct total foreign participation 20 pct ministry official said. Channeling U.S. Firms single merge competitor probably result dilute Cable Wireless' share industry analyst said. "Eventually ministry want -- combine competitor" Bache Securities (Japan) Ltd analyst Darrell Whitten said. "Political ... Leverage total foreign share amount won't company extraordinarily holding" Whitten said. Western diplomatic source blunt. "They (the ministry) don't Cable Wireless reasonable share sort strategy reduce share" said. Fumio Watanabe senior Keidanren (a lead organization) official try arrange merger outline proposal Thursday ministry official said. REUTER 