Less month First Interstate Bancorp withdrew bold attempt buy BankAmerica Corp Chairman Joseph Pinola look buy look way avoid bought. In wide-ranging interview Pinola he's look way improve profitability capital 1991 "so resist potential look us...to maintain independence possible." In 1991 federal regulatory change allow major East Coast bank buy bank California. First Interstate fourth large California bank nineth large nationwide own 24 bank 12 western franchise operation additional states. Bank industry source attractive target U.S. foreign bank look quickly move lucrative California market West Coast region. While decline specific corporate strategy acquisition plan Pinola reply "That's undoubtedly fair statement...it naive that." Pinola characterize acquisition strategy "opportunistic". He look bank management trouble bargain add management restore profitability bank First Interstate already operates cut cost combine resources. The exception Texas bank already manage purchase discount depressed regional economy. Pinola decline comment circumstance move rekindle bid BankAmerica say "We continue monitor look lot lot continue monitor look us." Banking analyst consider First Interstate bid BankAmerica shot likely happen soon. Pinola call decision month withdraw 3.25 billion dlr bid nation's large bank "a difficult decision." With decision acknowledge First Interstate difficult keep position California banking community. "The competition tough" note CityBank's recent purchase 50 financial service branch Sears Roebuck company. "CityBank move rapidly move fifth Wells Fargo fourth" said. Outside California Pinola acknowledge Security Pacific Corp recent acquisition Arizona Washington Oregon quickly become regional competitor area First Interstate dominated. "Security continue highly profitable obviously manage company" said. He add First Interstate moment advantage have own manage regional bank longer recognition advantage have regional bank common name. Pinola coastal bank financial condition First Interstate continue sustain serious loan loss Rocky Mountain energy real estate agriculture dominate economy. Asked loan loss area peaked "I don't bottom I problem real estate-related real estate problem years." Pinola fail economic sector agriculture Midwest slow expansion First Interstate's franchise operation. First Interstate 42 franchise bank offer First Interstate financial service ten states. While ago consider take franchise operation east Mississippi River Pinola franchise bank West expansion Midwest first. Calling franchise "moderately profitable" Pinola "It rejuvenation agriculture sector commence franchise speed generate two." On banking industry Pinola think 1987 bad loan loss bank minimal holding real estate able improve profits. Reuter 