French stockbroker lose jealously guard 180-year-old monopoly share trading five reform announce Tuesday Finance Minister Edouard Balladur. But prospect fresh money flood seriously under-capitalised share trading sign regret gradual passing era. "It question survival London's Big Bang" private market analyst Edouard Cointreau. Balladur long-expected reform Bourse structure progressively allow domestic foreign bank buy stake stockbrokers' capital broker allow access money markets. The project foresees free access Bourse January 1 1992 date opening unified European financial market. The plan reform expect Parliament Spring session capital 45 Paris 15 regional stockbroker house stage begin January 1 year. The aim move follow example Tokyo London opening tightly-controlled membership "to challenge European financial integration fierce international competition" Balladur announced. Cointreau founder chairman private market analysis company Centre d'Observation et de Prospective Sociales (COPS) reform natural development. "The Paris market rise cannot ever. The broker it's sell business" told Reuters. The reform inevitable European Community directive Ben Williams Paris brokerage Fauchier-Magnan. "From French view cannot disappointed" "but broker bit worried entirely evident brokerage house worth lot money." He expansion market generally quality brokerage staff reform salary terms. "But expertise deep bank already lot expertise." Dealers agree generally allow broker reinforce equity capital reform expect improve ability position stock bolster liquidity Paris market. The French Banking Association group domestic foreign bank operating welcome reforms. French bank won direct access bond market September happy stockbrokers' continue monopoly share trading. Brokers soon form link foreign brokerage house bank take. "Nobody willing talk yet sure alliance form past years" Williams said. Some broker opening capital bank pose question whether major bank aim stake prestigious best-performing brokerage house whether small house targetted swallow bank easy entry onto Bourse. Individual bank reticent likely strategy future partners. "Discussions underway soon specific choice (of broker) yet" spokesman Credit Lyonnais decline name said. Balladur's project touch deal commission dealer question address current bank commission high broker bank cannot deal directly share pay fee broker customer trading. According study Bourse official watchdog body COB January deal fee transaction share gross total 1000 franc 14.86 pct place directly broker 20.79 pct pass bank. Xavier Dupont Chairman Stockbrokers' Association reform mean fix scale commissions. He overall reform French financial market "dynamic efficient organisation." But broker banker comment "let's wait see." REUTER 