News meeting U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Monday soothe currency market allow dollar recoup day's loss dealer said. News meeting Frankfurt secrecy dollar fell sharply criticism Baker West German monetary policy provoke fear Louvre pact currency stability jeopardy. The dollar react immediately news rise pfennig hour New York trading dealer said. The announcement meeting attend Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl simultaneously Bonn Washington time closure New York markets. Baker Stoltenberg Poehl agree pursue policy accepted February Louvre accord finance ministry spokesman Bonn said. The dollar rise 1.7970/90 mark New York's close 1.7730/40. It close Friday 1.7975/85 marks. The dollar tumble nearly pfennig market react Baker's criticism rise West German rate stock market crashed worldwide. Baker West Germany apparently breaching Louvre accord. Under accord lead industrial democracy pledge coordinate economic policy foster currency stability surplus country West Germany Japan stimulate economy U.S. promising cut budget deficit. West German government source rise West German money market rate see breach Louvre pact. They direct reaction high rate United States. U.S. Bond yield rise May inflationary fear September Fed raise discount rate 6.00 pct 5.50. German yield risen period markedly late September Bundesbank nudge short-term rate change term security repurchase pact principal instrument steer money market. The allocation rate facility 3.85 pct compare 3.60 pct. This partly due West Germany's inability uncouple U.S. rate trend reflect concern monetary conservative Bundesbank central bank council excessive monetary growth raise fear domestically produce inflation bank economist said. This monetary tighten reflect switch pragmatic line pursue Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl stabilise mark externally cautious approach Vice President Helmut Schlesinger. In apparent gesture Baker coincide visit Bundesbank repeatedly add money market liquidity morning. Dealers clearly move appease U.S. anger recent West German rate rises. "They (the Bundesbank) don't American fire" Chris Zwermann currency adviser Swiss Bank Corp here. "It seem Bundesbank beating quite significant retreat position" add Giles Keating economist Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd London. The significance retreat emerge term Bundesbank's tender security repurchase pact Tuesday result Wednesday money market economist said. Today's injection liquidity show Bundesbank far strong rise tender allocation rate likely turn 3.80 3.90 pct little change 3.85 pct facility. The Bundesbank Finance Ministry indication meeting Finance Ministry spokesman arrange week. Earlier Monday Finance Ministry spokesman comment apparent U.S.-German clash Louvre accord far quote Stoltenberg say assume monetary cooperation continue. The spokesman believe Baker already left West Germany Sweden Monday. This week due visit Denmark Belgium. Reuter 