Merck Co MRK> Squibb Corp SQB> benefit study show low level blood cholesterol slows build-up fat heart's artery lower risk heart attack industry analyst said. Both company developed drug slow body's production cholesterol Merck 18 month ahead Squibb drug expect approve year. "Certainly study create great acceptance anti-cholesterol drugs" Robert Uhl drug analyst F. Eberstadt Fleming. Although neither company's drug study conduct team scientist University Southern California School Medicine leader class drug fight cholesterol. The study report Journal American Medical Association show low level cholesterol achieve combination drug special diet slow case reverse build fatty deposit heart's arteries. Such build lead heart attack lead cause death U.S. Health official low level cholesterol immediately benefit six mln Americans suffer symptom coronary artery disease. The study advocate reduction cholesterol 40 mln Americans. As anti-cholesterol crusade gain momentum industry analyst executive believe healthier diet drug therapy gain wider acceptance. In context pharmaceutical analyst David Crossen Sanford C. Bernstein "the culture shift term drug treatment arn't fundamentally alter diets". The worldwide anti-cholesterol drug market value 600 mln dlrs year. But drug reach market analyst estimate revenue swell 1.5 billion dlrs annually five years. The drug study combination low cholesterol diet niacin common compound colestipol drug Upjohn Co UPJ> sell 1977. But drug drawback analyst drug Merck Squibb avoid. "Niacin lead tremendous amount flush constipation stomach upset" Crossen said. Colestipol sand-like powder come dosage 15 30 gram mixed glass water. "It isn't fun take" Crossen said. Drug analyst Uhl drawback restrict Upjohn's sale drug 10 mln dlrs year. In contrast drug Merck Squibb little effect target key factor body's production cholesterol -- enzyme found liver. "Past method get cholesterol variable" Dr. Charles Sanders executive vice president Squibb. The drug contrast interupt clear step cholesterol production Sanders said. Also drug easy tablet form swallow twice day. Merck's drug Mevacor receive recommendation advisory panel Food Drug Administration earlier expect receive full approval sale late summer fall. Squibb's drug eptastatin expect submit regulatory approval quarter 1988 Sanders said. Warner Lambert Co WLA> Bristol Meyers Co BMY> cholesterol fight compound similar Upjohn drug Merck Upjohn ahead class cholesterol inhibitors. Reuter 