U.S. farmer reorganize operation circumvent cap federal payment add 2.3 billion dlrs cost government's agricultural program 1989 General Accounting Office GAO said. "We estimate trend farm reorganization continue reorganization 1984 add 900 mln dlrs annually cost 1989" GAO Senior Associate Director Brian Crowley said. "Cumulative cost six-year period 1984 1989 approach 2.3 billion dlrs" said. Between 1984 1986 reorganization add 9000 person U.S. Agriculture Department payment roll Crowley told House Agriculture Subcommittee Wheat Soybeans Feedgrains. The GAO recent proliferation reorganization attributable farmers' effort avoid payment limit exactly subdivision prompt concern impossible determine. Crowley area primary concern formation corporation rent farmland cash individual partnership joint venture participants. Subcommittee Chairman Dan Glickman D-Kan. evidence "few bad apples" use imaginative technique skirt payment limit jeopardized "political credibility" U.S. farm programs. Without elaborate Glickman committee consider legislation "ensure tarnish name political support popular support American agriculture richly deserves." To improve effectiveness payment cap Congress require payment corporation limited partnership trust attribute individual payment limitation person shareholder beneficiary entity Crowley said. "Attribution specify level ownership five ten pct" Crowley said. Currently entity qualify individual 50000 dlr payment stockholder own control 50 pct stock. Crowley suggest payment restrict person actively engage farm manner supply financing. The Reagan administration propose similar change legislation sent Congress month. Crowley GAO investigation uncovered problem USDA's administration payment limitation contribute "the creation person reorganization questionable validity." Specifically USDA county office inconsistently apply regulation require reorganization involve "substantive" change farm operation person qualify payments. In addition GAO found USDA official California incorrectly interpret regulation relate financing partnership operations. Crowley report 401 U.S. county have 90 pct foreign-owned cropland major crop total farm payment foreign owner 6.2 mln dlrs 1984 7.7 mln 1985. However payment 1985 represent 0.4 pct payment 401 county said. Reuter 