West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg currency agreement reach Paris February successful continued. Stoltenberg told journalist attends week's International Monetary Fund meeting Washington that: "The ... Strategy stabilise currency current level proven worth determine future developments." Stoltenberg decline comment specifically consider undervalue dollar dollar 1.80 mark create problem West Germany's exports. Stoltenberg study international organisation clear especially U.S. And Japan major effort remain necessary support adjustment foreign trade balance via necessary correction economic policy. "No-one benefit over-valuation U.S. Dollar fell extreme strong under-valuation" said. Stoltenberg West Germany keen swift agreement U.S. And Japan concern current trade dispute semi-conductors. Asked whether believe market test Paris currency accord Stoltenberg comment specifically note discuss Paris published. The Paris declaration level central bank major industrialise country intervene. Stoltenberg everything carefully considered. He far add. Stoltenberg appear suggest West Germany longer pressure U.S. Government stimulate economy. He decline respond specifically question subject "You attach particular importance consensus reach Paris." The minister nevertheless add clear trip Washington West Germany's nominal trade figure give false impression actual trade flows. Stoltenberg note 1986 Bonn's export fell nominal pct nominal import fell 10.7 pct. West Germany's import drop largely foreign currency development cheaper price oil lead record trade surplus year. However Stoltenberg real term West Germany's export volume increase 1.5 pct real import risen strong 6.2 pct. In West Germany contribution economic stability Stoltenberg added. Stoltenberg note government expect import rise real five pct 1987 export stagnating. He revise official forecast West Germany's economic growth year. The government forecast unchanged 2.5 pct rise Gross National Product. The Kiel Institute lead research body expect growth pct research institute revise forecast below pct. Stoltenberg wide range prediction show imponderable take account drastic change official forecast needed. REUTER 