Trans World Airlines Inc complicate bidding Piedmont Aviation Inc offering either buy Piedmont suitor USAir Group alternatively merge Piedmont USAir. Piedmont's board meeting Wall Street speculate board discuss oppose bid Norfolk Southern Corp USAir. The TWA offer announce shortly Piedmont board meeting schedule begin. TWA offer buy USAir 52 dlrs cash share. It large shareholder USAir threaten directly USAir shareholder offer 51 pct stock low price. TWA believe offer deal USAir shareholder acquisition Piedmont alternatively discus three-way combination airlines. Market source analyst speculate TWA chairman Carl Icahn offer airline takeover arena. "We're wonder he's try TWA play. There's speculation street want move onto somthing else" arbitrager. "We TWA put trial balloon." Analysts offer take seriously USAir airline probably reject price relatively low compare airline deals. They Icahn prove offer credible reveal financing arrangements. "They show commitment ability finance. I it's credible offer" Timothy Pettee Bear Stearns analyst. "I it's certainly low relative value airline deals" Pettee. Pettee estimate 58 dlrs reasonable range base airline mergers. USAir stock soar TWA offer. A spokesman USAir decline comment USAir change offer Piedmont. USAir offer buy 50 pct airline's stock 71 dlrs cash share balance 73 dlrs share USAir stock. USAir close 5-3/8 49-1/8 volume 1.9 mln shares. Piedmont slip 1/2 close 69-5/8 remain silent TWA action. Piedmont outstanding 65 dlr cash share offer Norfolk Southern Corp. Norfolk Southern decline comment stuck offer Piedmont. Norfolk own 20 pct Piedmont open bidding propose takeover Piedmont. Some analyst Icahn try acquire USAir airline attractive takeover target. "Icahn I want sell airline takers. I strategy call make investment attractive. One accomplish specific objective acquire airlines" Andrew Kim Eberstadt Fleming. "I don't whose buy becomes viable package" Kim. But Icahn's financing ability transaction remains doubt TWA's heavy debt load. Wall street source TWA cash offer. The source Icahn line outside financial adviser plan arrangements. Icahn earlier abandon plan buy USX Corp X> retains 11 pct company's stock. Some Wall street source financier's USX plan impact cloud hang adviser Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc Wall Street's insider trading scandal. Industry source predict USAir reject TWA offer price financing concerns. "It's litter contingency doesn't financing arrangement" executive major airline. But executive concede merge TWA-USAir strong contender USAir's east coast route plan west coast presence PSA. USAir feed intenrational flight TWA midwest presence St. Louis hub. Adding Piedmont dominant southeast mix develop strong force. The combine entity TWA's par reservation system. Such merger complex analyst result airline iwth 18 pct market share. Reuter 