U.S. Agriculture Department (USDA) figure highly-erodible land enrol Conservation Reserve Program regard grain analyst neutral bearish full state-by-state breakdown need ass full price impact. "Out 10.5 mln acre 1.9 mln acre accepted corn -- That's neutral bearish trade look for" Dale Gustafson Drexel Burnham Lambert said. The USDA accepted 10572402 acre conservation bid total 11254837 acres. Gustafson change estimate plant acreage corn result late figure analyst adjust estimate slightly. The USDA due release plant intention figure March 31. Indications heavy sign-up conservation recently lower trade estimate corn plant acreage 63.0 67.0 mln acre 67.0 69.0 mln. Richard Loewy analyst Prudential Bache Securities information completely ass conservation figures. "The 1.9 mln acre corn certainly disappointing" added. The USDA release state-by-state breakdown enrollment figures. Loewy initial figure appear negative crop corn soybean possibly mean upward adjustment plant intention figures. Asked impact flow generic certificate onto market spring said: "The trade definitely look high certificate expected." The USDA offer special corn "bonus" rental payment farmer paid generic certificates. The bonus amount dlrs bushel base farm payment yield corn acre corn accepted reserve. Katharina Zimmer analyst Merrill Lynch Futures conservation sign-up slightly high expect note trade expectation considerably high actual figures. "I friendly market run" said. Susan Hackmann AgriAnalysis confusion whether trade idea enrollment figure 15 18 mln acre refer total sign-up late addition. "It seem trade look acre bid program" said. Hackmann change idea corn plant figure result conservation sign-up. She add trade guess low 61 mln acre look corn planting 60's. Zimmer Merrill Lynch make slight reduction mln acre plant estimate 64 mln acres. New crop corn price Chicago Board Trade firm earlier week idea sign-up despite acre enrol generally poor yield likely substantial difference final production figures. Reuter 