India search non-communist countertrade partner cut trade deficit conserve foreign exchange. Wheat tobacco tea coffee jute engineering electronic good mineral include iron ore offer return crude oil petroleum product chemical steel machinery trade source told Reuters. Most impetus behind countertrade 1984 come trading firm -- State Trading Corp (STC) Minerals Metals Trading Corp (MMTC). "The trading corporation free buying respect bulk commodity promote Indian exports" commerce ministry spokeswoman add private firm exclude countertrading. One trade source India targetted country depend Indian domestic market recently open foreign imports. However countertrade deal India's total trading likely account eight pct estimate 18.53 billion dlrs trade nine month end December source said. Countertrade account five pct India's 25.65 billion dlrs trade fiscal 1985/86 end March 1984/85 official figure show. However figure exclude exchange Eastern Bloc paid non-convertible Indian rupee source said. Total trade Soviet Union involve swap agricultural produce textile Soviet arm crude oil estimate 3.04 billion dlrs fiscal 1986/87 billion 1985/86. Indian countertrade promote mainly narrow country's trade deficit insignificant compare agreement reach Indonesia Venezuela Brazil trade source said. The trade deficit hit estimate record 6.96 billion dlrs 1985/86 expect decline 5.6 billion current fiscal year. But push include non-communist country countertrade due factor include slow growth foreign reserve tight debt repayment schedule shrink aid trade protectionism businessmen said. One source India show dynamism promote countertrade deal past deal discreetly break GATT rules. As member General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) India cannot officially support bartering. The MMTC's recent countertrade deal include iron ore export Yugoslavia steel structure rails. "MMTC's recent global tender include clause preference party accept payment good service sell India" trade official add policy remains flexible. "We account factor price good service offer India" trade official said. Early commerce ministry quietly told foreign company interested sell aircraft ship drilling rig railway equipment India stood chance bought Indian good service return trade source said. Illustrating official South Korean firm recently agree sell drilling platform worth 40 mln dlrs state-run Oil Natural Gas Commission. In return South Koreans give verbal assurance buy Indian good worth 10 pct contract 25 pct sought New Delhi trade official said. "We select Korean firm bid lowest" added. Countertrade help African country short foreign currency import goods. India sign trade protocol buy 15000 tonne asbestos fibre Zimbabwe exchange Indian good include jute bag cars. But despite India's drive countertrade inherent problem added. "It easy meet basic requirement trade balanced" trade source said. "The difficult supply buy commodity party wants." Another add "Barter restrictive. We look temporary measure current balance payment difficulty. "This countertrade law India. It figure country's foreign trade policy." REUTER 