Scores Syrian troop march batter Shatila Palestinian refugee camp Beirut bid quell five month fight Lebanon's "camps war" witness said. Beirut radio station Syrian troop deploy point camp besiege Shi'ite Moslem Amal militia guarantee freedom movement refugees. - - - - WASHINGTON - President Reagan neither United States nor Soviet Union occupy embassy other's capital U.S. Building Moscow secure. He add special review board head former Defence Secretary Melvin Laird examine serious security breach U.S. Diplomatic mission Moscow. - - - - BAHRAIN - Iran report launch offensive east Iraq's southern city Basra say troop support plane kill 2400 Iraqis. Baghdad force repulse attack kill thousand Iranians. - - - - ZEEBRUGGE Belgium - A capsize British car ferry 140 body entombed inside winch upright mammoth salvage operation. - - - - BONN - West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl told President Ronald Reagan letter Bonn back superpower pact ban medium-range missile Europe concerned parallel ban shorter-range missiles. - - - - BRUSSELS - Syria key Middle East politics show flexibility towards idea international conference peace region Belgian Foreign Minister Leo Tindemans talk King Hussein Jordan. - - - - WASHINGTON - Kuwait country include United States Soviet Union flag tanker protect oil shipment Gulf U.S. Officials said. Britain China added. - - - - CHANDIGARH India - Sikh extremist kill five ablaze cigarette liquor barber shop Punjab trial strength state's moderate government fundamentalist reforms. - - - - LONDON - Prospects June election Britain rise senior Prime Minister Thatcher's Conservative party urge country wake poll give party command lead. - - - - ROME - Italy's government expect fall tomorrow follow decision majority Christian Democrats withdraw 16 minister unless Socialist Prime Minister Bettino Craxi resigns political source said. - - - - BAHIA BLANCA Argentina - Pope John Paul swing Argentina's rich agricultural interior strong defence right rural worker say neglect long. - - - - ANKARA - A Turkish military court jail former deputy prime minister Alpaslan Turkes 11 charge form arm gang sentence five supporter death murder Anatolian Agency reported. REUTER 