Treasury Secretary James Baker Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker told House leader optimistic debt strategy acknowledge crisis sharp turn bad Congressional source U.S. official said. Baker Volcker give view closed-door talk yesterday Speaker Jim Wright House leaders. But architect Third World debt strategy give indication abandon plan promote economic growth reform. "They express optimism current affairs" participant meeting said. However Baker Volcker accompany Deputy Secretary State John Whitehead acknowledge risks. "And sour turn sour" source quote saying. They respond question Wright Texas Democrat call meeting week ago concern debt crisis deepen aide said. The Speaker risk Latin American democracy danger demagogue either left wrest control halt debt repayments. Even Fed chief join Baker express confidence optimistic outcome Volcker especially concerned political risk particular fatigue belt-tightening. The central banker resolve debt crisis "struggle". Since take Speakership start Wright show able political adversary administration budget strategy. His involvement issue seem signal Congressional debt take seriously past. More worrisome administration strategist possibility Congressional debt proposal essentially grant debt relief attach trade bill. "When (Baker Volcker) left Speaker's office wasn't talk" source meeting said. The economic policymakers listen patiently description plan Third World debt facility back gold reserve International Monetary Fund. The agency buy guarantee develop country debt discount resell debtor nation undertaking economic reforms. The U.S. Treasury require ask country view bill approve House Banking subcommittee sponsor John LaFalce New York House Democrat. A similar proposal fashion Bruce Morrison House Democrat Connecticut. The source House Banking Foreign Affairs leader attend discussions. U.S. official scheme regard administration provide debt relief. Baker yesterday concept debt relief misguided. "If write declare defeat country decay wither vine" Treasury Secretary capital inflow follow debt relief. Baker plan broad embrace innovative idea bring together debtor creditors. Baker Volcker launch late 1985 call commercial multilateral bank increase loan major debtor pursue inflation-free expansion markets. "They sat together discus implication Latin America feel out" Wright aide meeting. Other source expect dialogue continue. The talk Brazil's rate moratorium uncompromising stand country's finance minister Dilson Funaro talk western leaders. Some U.S. official feel Funaro's consolidation Brazilian economy ouster Planning minister Joao Sayad far reason worry. Another proposal allow regulator grant commercial bank flexibility accounting Third World loan present Senator Bill Bradley New Jersey Democrat yesterday. Wright hitherto concerned debt "is concerned potential damage. The Latin American issue surface appear danger" aide named. There sign Brazilian situation reluctance commercial bank join cash loan debtor follow substantial reform concerned U.S. officials. At State Department Secretary State George Shultz advise "Baker plan rough patch" Treasury official urge commercial bank adopt flexible approach guarantee continued participation plan. Reuter 