President Reagan's nominee top policeman nation's security market inherit agency challenged insider trading scandal wild stock price gyration host uncertainty stem globalization financial markets. David Ruder 58-year-old Republican law professor Northwestern University Evanston Ill. name Thursday 23rd chairman five-member U.S. Securities Exchange Commission. If confirm Senate expect succeed John Shad left agency earlier week record six chairman ambassador Netherlands. The SEC limelight past investigator probed colossal insider trading scandal uncovered Wall Street. The investigation active mushroom recent month grow know trader prominent investment banking firm charge wrongdoing. The pace probe picked markedly November Ivan Boesky Wall Street's successful stock speculator agree cooperate government investigator pay record 100 mln dlrs penalty illegal profit charge insider trading. But agency wrestling vex phenomenon huge rapid swing stock price spur computer-driven trading strategy span market security option futures. The price gyration combine rise trading volume bring unprecedented volatility U.S. security markets. At SEC press lawmaker stop abusive tactic corporate takeover contest unrelenting wave takeover steadily reshapes U.S. corporate landscape. And agency push U.S. foreign exchange intent expansion lay regulatory groundwork international security marketplace trading occurs across border throughout clock. Such worldwide trading network offer vast investment opportunity strain SEC's ability enforce U.S. security law guard investor fraud. Under leadership Shad SEC ease financial disclosure requirement publicly trade company eliminate minor investor protection rule attempt spur competition exchange streamline agency's review hostile corporate takeovers. Shad vice chairman E. F. Hutton investment banking firm brought Wall Street perspective agency name chairman 1981. In line view top administration official favor marketplace determination takeover battle federal regulations. The SEC Shad stress prosecution insider trading violation corporate wrongdoing case topped agency's enforcement agenda administration President Jimmy Carter Democrat. Securities lawyer industry official acquaint Ruder chairman-designate unlikely significantly alter commission's current priorities. The SEC currently 2000 employee lawyer annual budget 115 mln dlrs figure likely significantly high agency move beef enforcement staff. The agency government actually take money spent past fee charge company investment bank security firm regulates. The SEC structure independent regulatory agency meaning five commissioner appoint president fix five-year term protect fire policy difference alone. By law commissioner political party agency prepares budget request instead leave White House. Established Congress 1934 SEC trace origin stock market crash 1929 attribute widespread trading credit attempt market manipulation investment firms. The agency require company investment vehicle mutual fund issue periodic report financial condition disclose change condition issue securities. It require broker dealer investment bank register comply investor protection rule police exchange regulates trading practices. Its chairman Joseph Kennedy industrial magnate father John Kennedy nation's 35th president. Other former chairman include William Douglas serve 1937 appointment U.S. Supreme Court 1939 William Casey serve President Nixon's term Reagan's director Central Intelligence Agency death earlier year. Reuter 