Eurobond price float rate note sector slump across board full issues. "Today irrational irresponsible -- possibly bad dire six month floater market" comment senior FRN trader U.K. Bank. Republic Ireland FRNs marked sharply initial trading market nerve soon infect supra-national sovereign paper dealer attribute fall aggressive professional short lead U.S. Investment houses. The FRN market suffer acute contraction liquidity consequent drain investor confidence effective collapse market perpetual float rate issue late year. Since FRN specialist note retail sparse completely absent stagnant market float rate paper increasingly vulnerable manipulation nerve affect variety borrowers. Floating rate debt U.S. And Canadian bank pressure month fear resurface exposure Latin American debt. Canadian bank hard hit today. Fears Irish economy exacerbate recent post-electoral political wrangle Dublin prompt sell-off Ireland paper morning dollar mark-denominated Irish issue tumble full more. However FRN dealer poll Reuters Irish issue single -- U.S. And Canadian bank recently -- market's vulnerable sector. "A handful professional house targetting weak paper short aggressively start domino effect basically sound paper start roll it" senior FRN market source explained. Although float paper better-regarded borrower U.K. Managed finish 10 basis point sovereign Sweden supranationals Eurofima suffer heavier loss FRN dealer said. Debt exposure fear continued undermine U.S. And Canadian bank paper U.K. House cite fall 1-5/8 Royal Bank Canada issue. FRN trader note Japanese investor initially enthusiastic float rate debt buyer lose confidence market speculate crisis meeting call collapse perpetuals imminent. "Retail client don't floater degenerate wily pass-the-parcel professional scheme sweep paper carpet" senior FRN trader said. "I don't happen market. It can't this" added. In fixed-rate sector trading dull market attempt digest heavy volume issue earlier week primary market activity slow somewhat trading syndicate source reported. Dollar straight bond end barely change opening level investor fail react unexpectedly 4.1 pct rise U.S. February retail sale prefer wait tomorrow's producer price inventory data. A 100 mln dlr deal Norsk Hydro launch issue trading total pct fee close grey market trade dealer borrower's frequent appearance euromarkets deter investors. The Canadian dollar sector two-way trade continuation recent healthy volume Canadian dollar ride foreign exchange future markets. Dealers strength Canadian dollar firm especially day renew investor confidence currency. A Canadian dollar issue Hydro Quebec see excellent demand sector specialist issue quickly increase total 150 mln dlrs 125 mln. "This paper hard sell gratify level European domestic Canadian demand" comment trader Canadian house. Eurosterling limelight lately foreign exchange currency bullishness slip slightly. Senior eurosterling source note bond price fell line loss see U.K. Government bond market -- 5/8 low longer eurosterling market. Dealers overseas investor buying predict consolidation week's U.K. Budget. A 55 mln stg convertible issue confectioner Rowntree Mackintosh bid 104-5/8 105-1/8 pct expect well. Euroyen bond show firmer tone lead professional short cover Tokyo. Today's 23 billion deal Toyota Motor Credit 4-1/2 pct coupon deem tight however. REUTER 