Air Canada's 54 mln U.S. dlr acquisition Gelco Corp's GEC> Canadian unit dramatically alter Canada's fast grow courier industry largely dominate U.S. company company official analyst said. State-owned Air Canada take country's large overnight courier month Canadian company Onex Capital Corp Ltd> approve acquisition ranked Purolator Courier Ltd New Jersey-based Purolator Courier Corp PCC>. But analyst acquisition prompt financial restructuring undertaken U.S. parent company likely don't represent industry trend buying foreign own courier operations. "It's whether buy time" McLeod Young Weir Ltd transportation analyst Tony Hine commented. The acquisition fit large move U.S. company embroil take-over restructuring sell-off Canadian unit generate ready cash Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc analyst Harold Wolkin. "There correlation U.S. parent sell Canadian subsidiary U.S. parent either siege take someone else over" said. Gelco Corp Minnesota decide sell Gelco Express Ltd previously announce sell operating unit buy share pay debt Gelco Express marketing vice president James O'Neil told Reuters. The sale Gelco's divestiture proceeds pay 350 mln U.S. dlrs debt year-end company said. While company official decline disclose earnings revenue figure O'Neil Gelco Express hold dominant position industry handle 50000 package generate revenue 100 mln Canadian dlrs year. The earlier move Purolator sell Canadian unit form company restructuring adopt Canadian Company Unicorp Canada Corp> acquire 12.6 pct stake Purolator consider acquire company. Last month Purolator agree acquire company form E.F. Hutton LBO Inc manager Purolator's U.S. courier business. For Air Canada acquisition Gelco's Canadian courier represent "excellent financial investment" market see grow 25 30 pct annually spokesman Esther Szynkarsky said. The airline announce acquire 65 pct stake EMS Corp Calgary in-city messenger service. It disclose financial term Szynkarsky acquisition total 90 mln Canadian dlrs combine yearly revenue 170 mln dlrs. She acquisition fit Air Canada's strategy seek attractive investment compliment main airline business. Gelco continue operate current management independently Air Canada Air Canada already operates air cargo include door-to-door courier operation. "They're run they're investment they're do grow market that's keep it" Szynkarsky said. Analyst Hine Gelco Purolator Canadian unit likely retain operating link U.S. delivery network generate traffic former parent company have tie capital Canada. "The nature incremental traffic incremental revenue" Hine said. "It's sort sausage maker sausage grinder sausage stuff money make" added. Reuter 