Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone dealt fatal political blow yen's renew rapid rise threat trade United States political analyst said. Nakasone already fire unpopular tax reform plan force resign June economic summit seven industrialise nation local election month candidate ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) said. "The close relationship Nakasone President Reagan element Nakasone's base" Waseda University Political Science Professor Mitsuru Uchida told Reuters. "So emergence U.S. Criticism damage Nakasone." Even late trade friction flare Nakasone encounter criticism opposition party LDP proposal levy sale tax. "Many faction LDP distance themselves Nakasone" Uchida said. "His position LDP strongly establish today." Nakasone popular LDP see support erode analyst said. The yen's rise record high U.S. Threat Friday impose tariff Japanese electronics good retaliation Japan's allege violation microchip trade pact give Nakasone's critic fresh ammunition analyst said. "Apparently special relationship Reagan Nakasone hasn't work effectively" Rei Shiratori director Institute Political Studies Japan said. This make Japanese doubt Nakasone's credibility Shiratori told Reuters. The cumulative impact sale tax issue yen's rise mount trade friction mean serious LDP loss April 11 26 local election analyst said. "If election LDP Nakasone resign early" Shiratori said. But Nakasone chance soothe U.S. Tempers week-long Washington visit April 29 analyst said. However "unless Japanese political move quickly Nakasone nice Washington smoulder trade issue hostile audience" Merrill Lynch Securities economist William Sterling. "If trip major disaster seem final nail coffin" said. Reagan's weaken domestic position grow Republican Democratic anger Japan argue quick settlement trade dispute analyst said. But desire side solution couple uncertainty abroad likely successor Nakasone lead attempt paper difference aid Nakasone said. "One factor trade Washington anxious push Nakasone grave" Sterling said. REUTER 