Volkswagen AG VOWG.F> expect increase market share West Germany full 1987 register gain month manage board chairman Carl Hahn said. He told Reuters interview incoming order West Germany VW's large single market 1987. Its share domestic car market rise 29 pct January February 26 pct year-ago period. Hahn decline forecast quarter 1987 result answer question VW currency scandal. Hahn elaborate statement VW already issue affair note hand prosecutors. VW car manufacturer encounter difficult market condition United States 1987 Hahn give details. He decline predict U.S. Sales 1987 say particularly difficult forecast sale trend North America VW's large regional market Western Europe. Hahn decline comment directly report 1986 loss Spanish subsidiary Sociedad Espanola de Automoviles de Turismo (SEAT) total 27 billion peseta loss twice expected. But SEAT develop accord plan add introduction international accounting standard change VW's lead correction SEAT's figures. VW hop SEAT reach break-even course year. In 1986 SEAT's volume sale expect Hahn said. In January February 1987 SEAT's turnover Europe rise 40 pct compare month 1986 Hahn said. Its European market share rise 1.9 pct January February 1.6 pct earlier. Hahn VW hop sign contract Ford Motor Co F.N> summer plan joint venture companies' loss-making operation Argentina Brazil. A provisional joint management team already look way synchronise operation said. VW's operation Mexico profit 1986 added. Hahn speak Reuters interview mark production VW's 50 millionth car VW plan acquisition outside automotive sector. It expect raise capital foreseeable future increase capital 25 pct 1986 big right issue West German history Hahn said. In separate interview Karl-Heinz Briam management board member responsible labour relation VW currently plan increase workforce far year. All VW's domestic plant foreign production facility currently operating full capacity Briam said. The exception VW's Nigerian operation Westmoreland plant Pennsylvania. Hahn VW recently take step increase flexibility improve structure Westmoreland plant. However VW planning increase production moment. "Most VW vehicle (sold U.S.) built Germany" Hahn said. Hahn far growth West Germany predict 1987 generally industry domestically. Wolfgang Lincke car development VW increase environmental awareness West German consumer allow VW sell "higher value" car future contain equipment catalytic converter cut exhaust emissions. Lincke decline drawn VW introduce successor current Golf model 1983 replace original date 1974. VW retain Golf name. Of 50 mln VW car built VW start commercial production World War II nearly nine mln Golfs Lincke said. VW traditionally release annual result April May week 1986 profit dividend unchanged despite provision cover loss 480 mln mark allegedly fraudulent hedge operations. VW currency scandal affect company's investment spending. REUTER 