A squeeze narrow bare coalition majority Gaullist Prime minister Jacques Chirac swept cobweb control regulation choke French economy. But France wait promise industrial recovery government say follow free market policies. Company profit stock market rising. But unemployment. Growth stagnant pct outlook inflation held 20-year low 2.1 pct 1986 uncertain. Forced month cut government's 1987 growth target raise inflation estimate Finance Minister Edouard Balladur rule action stimulate economy. But government supporter fear economic miracle run out. The political clock tick towards Presidential election due April year. France's economic performance lead mixed cast right-wing minister socialist President won mixed review non-partisan analysts. For Michel Develle Director Economic Studies newly-privatised Banque Paribas government's outstanding achievement launch "a veritable intellectual revolution" break staid habit form century control. "The figure look mediocre -- neither nor bad -- context structural reform excellent" Develle said. But analyst fear Balladur chief architect government's free market policy pursue mirage. "The belief economic liberalism produce explosion economic force ideological" Indosuez chief economist Jean Cheval. "Personally I it's illusion. Dirigisme (direction) basic French onwards. Ultra-liberalism impossible." Illusion government push vision hard. Over past foreign exchange consumer price control largely abolish labour regulation prune ease sack redundant worker hugely popular programme launch sell state-owned bank industry private investors. Since December nearly five mln French investor bought share Cie Financiere de Paribas PARI.PA> glass maker Cie de Saint-Gobain SA SGEP.PA> company brought stock market 300 billion franc five-year privatisation plan. Encouraged amnesty past illegal export capital lift currency control money flood Paris stockmarket abroad help lift market 57 pct 12.5 pct December. At government abolish price control exist 42 service car repair hairdressing free intervention business account 60 pct French economy. The immediate result 0.9 pct rise consumer price January partly responsible force revision official 1987 inflation forecast 2.5 pct pct less. "But 2.5 pct fantastic result consider price free 1945" comment Develle Paribas. Other achievement include major reduction state's foreign debt cut budget deficit 141.1 billion franc 2.5 billion franc below target 153.3 billion 1985. But despite healthy balance payment surplus gradual improvement industrial productivity French franc force speculator January humiliate pct devaluation West German mark Chirac power. A recent report Organisation Economic Cooperation Development pillory French industry fail produce good potential customer wanted. Outside mainly state-controlled technology sector French industrial good "increasingly ill-adapted demand" over-priced report said. French economist include Cheval Indosuez agree report. "One assumption government freedom employer invest modernise....But nine ten yes freedom wait told go" said. And despite rise industrial investment introduction special incentive boost youth employment end-1986 jobless report record 2.7 million 300000 earlier. The government little prod economy faster growth. French producer fail advantage year's oil price fall growth hope rest shaky prospect expansion industrial country West Germany Japan say. REUTER... 