Pressure grow financial market U.S. overt action stabilize dollar doubt linger fall redress trade imbalance economist dealer said. Some expert believe half-point increase U.S. discount rate preferably conjunction rate cut Tokyo Bonn discourage sellers. But fear drastic action U.S. issue yen-denominated Treasury bond needed. Despite official warning danger far dollar decline concert central bank intervention dollar extend recent sharp depreciation touch 40-year low 137.25 yen Tokyo earlier closing Friday 139.30/40. The impact financial market devastating. In Tokyo stock market suffer large single decline; London gold bullion price rise four-year high U.S. Treasury bond yield surge above 8.80 pct Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 40 point hectic trading. "The linkage. This currency problem. It affect markets" senior trader major U.S. bank. Up September international effort redress trade imbalance appear work dream; dollar fall orderly manner rate tumble inflation kept check. In recent month strategy begin show sign severe stress U.S. imposition punitive tariff Japan threaten unravel spirit cooperate condemn damage trade war. "The market fear built momentum really difficult stop. A U.S. rate hike inevitability" currency dealer said. "At short Fed discount rate increase ideally combine far discount rate cut Japan Germany seem capable stabilize dollar" David Jones Aubrey G. Lanston Co Inc. Allen Sinai Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc predict 1/4 1/2 U.S. rate increase May 19 rise U.S. bank prime lending rate eight pct 7-3/4 pct near future. But economist fear moderate U.S. rate increase appear unlikely match rate cut overseas little late. "They 10 day ago. It trick then" currency analyst. "If see defensive measure offensive one. It show policy weakness strength" add trader. In addition economist fear discount rate rise additional strain sluggish U.S. economy tempt embattle debtor nation retaliate. A U.S. discount rate increase fuel protectionist fire Washington House expect pas protectionist trade bill whatever compromise President Reagan Prime Minister Nakasone summit week. "Politically can't really week" currency analyst point fail stabilize dollar weaken U.S. negotiate stance. Even U.S. retains upper economist trader hold hope major initiative week's talks. At expert sort accord whereby Japan agree stimulate growth domestic market outsider U.S. promise lift tariff support Group Seven dollar stabilization agreement. But fear assuage market's speculative sell fervor raise fear weak overseas week's quarterly U.S. Treasury refund program. Japanese European investor traditionally played active role auction expect total 28 29 billion dlrs. Consequently thought turn possibility President Reagan try remove foreign investors' worry currency risk financing U.S. budget deficit yen mark bond dollars. While similar action former President Carter help stabilize dollar 1978 White House clearly reluctant step economist said. This hesitance amply show Friday U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker "there view (yen-denominated bonds) lack confidence U.S. currency." Baker add "therefore don't it's appropriate do." A foreign exchange analyst major Japanese bank share Baker's doubts. "Dollar defend measure unlikely. They confirm dollar's weak undertone lead far speculative dollar selling" said. Thus destabilize authority stop try fight market's bearish sentiment. In recent lengthy report economist Morgan Guaranty Trust Co conclude "the dollar left free trade whatever level market force produce." Reuter 