Rising rate protectionist trade policy prompt push Latin American nation win debt relief regional foreign finance ministry official here. Officials Cartagena 11 debtor nation met week draw proposal reaction call deteriorate panorama Citicorp's decision create reserve third loans. (SEE ECRA FOR SPOTLIGHT HEADLINES) "We look trade rate financial flows.....In forward basis permanent solutions" Mexico's credit director Angel Gurria said. Recent development lead move summit Latin American president debate solutions. Ideas include scheme link debt payment trade proposal stable rates. The latter propose letter week Cartagena G-7 leader due attend summit Venice month. Another idea include debt Gatt negotiation Cartegena minister yet endorse proposals. Speaking earlier New York Uruguay's Foreign Minister Cartagena chairman Enrique Iglesias Citicorp's decision discourage lending. But Cartagena's bid debt treat separately. The Cartagena met ministerial level want repay debt contract debt crisis low rate prevail 1970s. It pay loan current market rates. "Many country fear gain month arduous debt negotiation lose stroke rise rates" official said. "The increase rate precisely enough" Iglesias said. Latin American official concerned vary spread grant debtor nation generate discord Philippines' recent protest favourable term Argentina. There speculation Venezuela demand cut 7/8 pct spread finance director Jorge Marcano plan renegotiate terms. This week's meeting Latin American president meeting Montevideo call stable rate region's 380 billion dlr foreign debt. It call review development ministerial meeting February 1986 ideas. Since ministerial meeting advance Mexico's growth-oriented 77 billion dlr loan refinance package agree September. But setback Brazil's payment moratorium. The loan expect Baker plan materialize debtor force browbeat reluctant banks. "We clearly stretch restructuring process limit question here?" senior Mexican foreign ministry official said. Existing debt strategy base nursing debtor economy position service debt qualify loans. But five economic adjustment Latin American debtor currently unable raise voluntary credit exception Colombia. Only Venezuela pay principal. Most country prospect pay debt foreseeable future. Citicorp clear decision move billion dlrs reserve mean writing-off loans. Latin American official Citicorp's move probably boost trading discount third debt secondary market implicitly downvaluing amount owed. But lending remote. Discounted debt bought foreign investor debt-equity scheme generate resource debtor economies. Chile Mexico currently front-runner field Latin American official scheme limited panacea overall problem. Most Latin official great store building export income debt-equity schemes. Exports hit 97.7 billion dlrs 1984 cut region's debt service ratio 36 pct fell 78.3 billion year. So rate drop ratio hardly changed. The Cartagena call debt-trade link recognize detailed proposals. Officials initiative discuss submit foreign finance minister 11 nation IMF World Bank annual meeting year. REUTER 