Japanese microchip maker strong-armed compliance U.S.-Japan pact semiconductor halt predatory pricing opening Japan's market foreign chip industry analyst said. But doubt remain whether Ministry International Trade Industry (MITI) pressure firm successfully battle market force whether U.S. Industry gear advantage breathing space said. U.S. Threats scrap agreement sign September push MITI try harder recalcitrant Japanese chipmakers abide pact analyst said. "MITI move hot heavy throughout industry done" Bache Securities (Japan) associate vice president Peter Wolffe. Last month MITI told chipmakers cut production January March period 10 pct dry inexpensive chip escape Japan grey market subject pact's price controls. The ministry electronics firm provide distributor certificate designate authorise exporter effort close loophole grey marketeers sneak chip Japan market analyst said. U.S. Trade negotiator week pact jeopardy continued dump non-American market little sign increase foreign sale Japan. But major Japanese firm appear agree production cut analyst said. Last week NEC Corp cut production line MITI's request. "NEC aggressive resist MITI's demands" David Keller analyst James Capel Co. "Once NEC cut production mean have." Still pressure remain keep production high. Japanese firm output cut unit price U.S. Sales Commerce Department assigns pact. "The low cost produce more" Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd analyst Carole Ryavec. Preparations upturn demand spur high production quarter Merrill Lynch analyst Matt Aizawa said. Grey marketeers able outfox restriction industry official said. "It's tax avoidance schemes" Steve Donovan MMI Japan K.K. "As soon close route opens." MITI's pressure annoyed maker earlier shrug MITI guidance. "It's get communism" one. But analyst output cut make easy increase price plan April 1 force firm stop extend market share sell loss. "They're start run business businesses" Bache's Wolffe said. MITI conduct highly campaign urge chip user buy foreign-made chip U.S. Industry official response mixed best. "There change it's across board" U.S. Spokesman. "The company vary degree urgency." The ultimate impact effort MITI troubled U.S. Industry remains doubt analyst added. Pressure cut production 256 kilobit DRAM (dynamic random access memory) chip merely speed transition megabit chip Japan lead analyst said. Whether U.S. Firms able stage comeback memory chip interested do remains unclear said. Analysts watch fate U.S. Consortium hope challenge Japan develop advanced technology microchip manufacturing. Even thorny access depends U.S. Commitment Japanese openness said. "The SIA (U.S. Semiconductor Industry Association) doesn't office here" source close industry said. "You question commit are." In addition industry analyst question effectiveness bilateral agreement leaf third country chipmakers South Korea. "(South) Korea's gain market share" analyst. "They're real winner agreement." REUTER 