U.S. U.K. bank regulator ask bank aside reserve necessary cushion risk pose rate currency swap transaction carry swap dealer said. After view propose guideline release jointly Bank England Federal Reserve Board dealer effect regulator ask aside reserve twice risk. Market participant 60 day respond proposals. Adoption stiffer capital requirement especially significant eurobond market issue volume 183 billion dlrs 1986 accord figure compile Euromoney magazine. While firm figure exist dealer eurobonds estimate 80 pct issue involve swap arrangement. Separately ISDA estimate 300 billion dlrs worth swap transaction outstanding. Kenneth McCormick co-chairman International Swap Dealers Association (ISDA) President Kleinwort Benson Cross Financing Inc Association comment study proposals. "What propose really double counting" Patrick de Saint-Aignan manage director swap Morgan Stanley Co said. Instead argues bank either require hold percentage value -- pct maturity -- hold percentage cost replace contract event counterparty default. "The potential risk factor relative expected" director U.K. merchant bank. "What really do ask capitalize -- borrow money -- cushion risk 10 now" added.(Adds title paragraph). Dealers believe bank cover agreement base Japan competitive advantage pas cost customers. Indeed regulator apparently concerned exclusion country requirements. Federal Reserve Board Governor Martha Seger follow approval propose guideline Fed concerned Japan involve U.K.-U.S. effort draft capital rules. Dealers somewhat relieve bank regulator recognize concept net offset amount receiveable payable single counterparty other. The paper regulatory authority "recognize arrangement (netting) circumstance reduce credit risk." Furthermore paper net agreement reach withstand legal test willing reduce capital requirement accordingly. But dealer fear regulator insist airtight net agreement impossible design. "One major default swap market. So don't swap arrangement really stand court" bank official. Reuter 