Norway's stock exchange touch record level propel high oil price foreign buying interest. But analyst bullish trend probably last. Tight restriction foreign ownership share held development market say. While rule soon ease Norway's unresolved economic woe mean price boom likely short-lived. Last Thursday all-share index reach 325.48 point beat previous record 325.31 mid-November 1985. Brokers record spur firmer oil price above 18 dlrs barrel crucial Norway's economy Oslo bourse apart current fluctuation stock markets. "It's underdeveloped market...Virgin territory " Jenny Tora Scandinavian security analyst London-based stockbroker James Capel told Reuters. But attraction foreign investor stock market price/earnings ratio average relatively low 11 temper restriction nervousness future Norway's economy analyst say. Foreign ownerhsip limited sector varies 10 40 pct share company - class share rarely carry voting rights. "It's hard stock quota full" Tora said. "There problem liquidity market. You market out." Analysts meant foreign restrict mostly professional trading client buying market miss speculative impetus. There stock option bond cannot held foreigner Norwegian security trading. Thor Bang chief economist Den Norske Creditbank A/S Norway's big bank stock boom little foundation Norway's economic situation. "One factor (in rise) belief in...Political stability" told Oslo's daily Dagens Naeringsliv. The minority Labour government look increasingly stable May 1986 former right-centrist coalition disarray. But stock market analyst continued economic problem soon jeopardise bourse's bull trend spite appreciation crown dollar. Although firm oil price mean news Norway Western Europe's big oil producer Britain analyst rate uncertainty future price oil weighty current account balance payment deficit threat bourse. Interest rate stand 14 pct annual inflation 10 pct. The current account balance payment deficit stood 32.8 billion crown surplus 26.8 billion crown 1985. "I'd cautious stock levels" Chris Honnor London-based broker Grieveson Grant said. The record-breaking performance Thursday meant all-share index increase 16 pct start 1987. On Friday index leapt 7.78 point 333.26. But analyst note largely due expect profit quarter Norsk Hydro Norway's large diversified corporation. Foreign investor spur appreciate crown rise oil price prominent market trade selectively mainly Norsk Hydro Norsk Data top-traded industrials. Earlier month government propose allow share foreign ownerhsip permit financial institution rise bid boost competition. Depending circumstance share foreign owner rise 10 pct 15 25 pct. Saga Petroleum Norway's large fully private oil company seek government permission boost permit foreign share ownerhsip 40 pct 20 pct. Saga share register strong gain bourse move add 60 pct value year. REUTER 