Indonesia told oil industry Tuesday extend contract produce block improve investment climate want increase expenditure exploration return. President Suharto opening speech Indonesian Petroleum Association Indonesia ready extend contract held foreign oil company produce areas. "In boost investment petroleum industry government Indonesia basically approve extend production share contract laws" Suharto said. "Apart government keep improve investment climate accelerate development petroleum industry" said. Indonesian Energy Minister Subroto told Association aware oil industry need assure contract block expire 10 renew invest far exploration. "As heard morning President fully aware situation" Subroto said. "The government already political decision entertain invite exist producer continue activity Indonesia albeit selective basis." Indonesia 13 OPEC oil reserve remain exporter decade oil industry source say. Subroto government work ease problem include grant easy term remote area deep conditions. But Subroto relation oil company two-way step expenditure oil exploration oil price recovered. President Suharto want great transfer technology Indonesian company oil industry region company operated. Abdul Rachman Ramly President oil company Pertamina budget exploration production expenditure oil company Indonesia forecast fall 3.1 billion dlrs calendar 1987 3.4 billion 1986. Pertamina 69 production-sharing joint operation contract foreign oil companies. Subroto speed necessary approval field operation government priority. There misunderstanding government oil industry area field designate commercial thorough evaluation made. He government want finalise contract extension soon practical urge industry meantime maintain exploration drive. Subroto Indonesia need company maintain exploration effort contract due expire 10 years. "This sort guarantee soon extension agreement." Eleven major contract area due renewal 1991 2001 industry source said. Extension contract block involve detailed negotiation extension granted. Subroto told reporter afterwards contract extension selective base capital invested. REUTER 