The International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) move closer agreement buffer stock rule delegate say expect reach accord Friday. "Everyone convince buffer stock rule Friday buffer stock operation Monday" consumer delegate said. "The atmosphere excellent." Other delegate buffer stock operational Monday April 1 rule agree Friday. A detailed package buffer stock manager buy sell cocoa present buffer stock work afternoon -- step "very interest stage negotiations" delegate said. The package base negotiate principle informally agree delegate forge bit bit fortnight-long meeting ICCO Executive Director Kobena Erbynn delegates. Producers European Community (EC) consumer schedule consider paper separately jointly tomorrow. Under proposal buffer stock manager buy cocoa origin second-hand market offer system. He alert market via news agency want buy cocoa include shipment detail tonnage desire delegate said. The manager buy cocoa competitive basis choose cheapest cocoa give preference ICCO member-country exporters. Standard price differential fix origin similar golf handicap determine relative competitiveness offer various cocoa origin said. The differential review request member country recommendation buffer stock manager delegate said. Revision decide majority vote ICCO council. Buffer stock purchase non-ICCO member country allow exceed 10 pct total buffer stock said. The purchase limited 5000 tonne cocoa 20000 tonne week bought nearby intermediate forward position added. One underlie idea rule package "transparency" meaning virtually buffer stock manager's market activity little discretion delegate said. After tin market collapse 1985 International Tin Council buffer stock ran fund cocoa delegate anxious install safeguard cocoa market mechanism said. Earnest debate buffer stock proposal expect begin late tomorrow delegation feel pressure approach Friday deadline ICCO meeting due adjourn delegate said. The ICCO fail agree buffer stock rule January International Cocoa Agreement force. The exist buffer stock 100000 tonne cocoa frozen bank balance 250 mln dlrs -- untouchable rule agreed. Though current semi-annual council meeting chance delegate cement buffer stock rule producer keen wheel market-stabilizing mechanism turn stem decline price delegate said. Reuter 