Talks underway financially troubled Zaire International Monetary Fund (IMF) aim rescue economy large nation sub-Saharan Africa. Diplomatic banking source Kinshasa agree compromise formula reach come week enable pro-Western Zaire obtain need injection cash. For government expect increase budgetary discipline turn likely attract foreign investor source said. "Barring last-ditch obstacle can't totally rule issue involve nation's pride substantial political economic interest Zaire creditor bound term soon" Western diplomat told Reuters. "The Zairean economy won't survive massive IMF assistance. Similarily West Zaire's strategic mineral fall communist hands" diplomat said. Zaire defy creditor late say limit repayment five billion dlr external debt 10 pct export earnings January 1987. The government announce float exchange rate zaire currency return fix parity special draw right (SDRs) periodic adjustments. Until Zaire devote 28 pct export revenue service foreign debt contract copper boom 1970's finance largely non-productive extravagant investment projects. Zaire world's lead cobalt producer sixth large supplier copper depends mineral two-thirds export earnings. "A country cannot indefinitely sacrifice everything sake service external debt" President Mobutu Sese Seko comment October announce government's decision. As January 1986 Mobutu warn "one feed austerity praise. I debt people's effort backfire" told diplomats. Zaire point IMF-backed austerity (1983-86) net exporter capital receive appropriate financing abroad. Economists devaluation zaire currency September 1983 country suffer net outflow 830 mln dlrs year. Zaire's medium term debt past reach equivalent 100 pct Gross National Product (GNP) high ratio banking source said. Mobutu accuse IMF "strangling" country October meeting ruling MPR party endure hardship cause austerity. Zairean official blame difficulty IMF recovery plan's basic assumption fail materialise - economic recovery push commodity price boost Zaire's export revenue debt service capacity - substantial additional financial country's traditional donors. In 1983 Zaire major economic reform aim curb soar debt. It float currency slash spending privatise industry gain praise Western creditor obtain debt rescheduling. As result overall economic financial situation improve markedly inflation 41 pct 100 pct 1983. But lead severe steady fall living standard Zaire's 35 mln population fuel widespread discontent poorer city dweller diplomat said. Economists estimate drop purchasing 20 35 pct average household 12 month despite pay rise 67 pct civil servant announce May. The World Bank release month half previously-agreed 80 mln dlrs industrial sector loan lent 27.6 mln dlrs modernise country's vital river transport system. Belgium Zaire's former colonial ruler main trading partner recently agree release total 17 mln dlrs ease payment difficulty finance import spare part industry. A agreement IMF Zaire pave debt reschedule probably meeting Paris Club Western creditor nation diplomat said. REUTER 