The buffer stock rule agreement reach Friday International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) improvement previous arrangement price-support mechanism unlikely stem decline cocoa price ICCO delegate trade source said. The accord reach producer consumer 35-member ICCO council week talks. European chocolate manufacturer delegate accord boost cocoa price immediately surplus overhang market pull price long. "If buffer stock operation successful I doubt anything stop price fall far relevance retail chocolate prices" European dealer said. And buffer stock manager delay buying see use purchasing market rely bearish trade reaction pressure price dramatically dealer said. The buffer stock market-regulating tool ICCO cocoa bought sell manoeuvre price pre-set stabilization range. A cocoa agreement force January delegate agree buffer stock rule time. The rule effect immediately. The buffer stock manager expect begin buying cocoa week organize communication cocoa produce country assess market price below "must-buy" level 1600 Special Drawing Rights tonne specify agreement source said. The buffer stock theoretically fund buy maximum 100000 tonne five week period approach cautious buffer stock manager Juergen Plambeck said. The buffer stock 250 mln dlrs fund buying limit 250000 tonne cocoa 100000 tonne already buffer stock. ICCO council chairman Ivorian Agriculture Minister Denis Bra Kanon rule chance stabilize prices. Ivory Coast world's large cocoa producer. "We establish rule permit withdraw immediately surplus cocoa market" Bra Kanon told reporter council adjourned. Bra Kanon reckon cocoa surplus half 94000 tonne estimate ICCO statistic committee. However producer consumer emerge final ICCO council meeting reservation pact. Ghana whose high-quality cocoa world's expensive provide 60 pct country's export earnings formal protest council price differential assign cocoa say Ghanaian cocoa bought buffer stock. According consumer spokesman Peter Baron West Germany "Consumers weren't perfectly happy buffer stock rules. We reach sensitive compromise...There real winner losers." Some European Community delegate satisfied point fully discuss talk result doubt rule deal surplus effectively delegate said. Under rule buffer stock manager seek offer origin cocoa use price differential reflect qualities. Non-ICCO member cocoa comprise 15 pct total buffer stock. London cocoa price trade 1300 stg tonne 1450 stg January 1987 1750 stg January 1986. A cocoa withholding scheme far 120000 tonne cocoa market special council session decides market condition warrant accord agreement. The withholding scheme price fall below 1600 SDR low intervention price five day 80 pct maximum buffer stock capacity fill buffer stock run low fund says. The ICCO discus withholding scheme rule executive committee meeting June 9/12 ICCO official said. REUTER 