Japan launch last-ditch effort salvage computer micro-chip pact United States - send letter top American policy maker set instruct producer cut output further. "We utmost effort ward catastrophe" Ministry International Trade Industry (MITI) Deputy Director General Masaji Yamamoto told reporters. "If hasty action take United States create serious problems." The Reagan Administration's Economic Policy expect meet Thursday review Japanese compliance bilateral agreement hammer year. Under pact Tokyo agree stop sell cut-price chip market increase import American semiconductors. Washington accuse Japan renege deal sell low price chip Asia fail boost American import threaten retaliatory action. In effort save agreement MITI ask Japanese chip maker limit production hope boost domestic demand reduce incentive export. Yamamoto Japan slash output 256 kilobit dynamic random access erasable programmable read memory chip 11 pct quarter. This follow cutback 20 pct month year. He cutback already dry supply chip available export unregulated distributor so-called grey market. "We grey market" said. "Supply diminishing." To ensure cutback implement MITI call president Japan's large semiconductor maker NEC Corp NIPN.T> week said. It issue specific instruction production Japanese subsidiary Texas Instruments Inc>. Trade Industry Minister Hajime Tamura spell step Japan take salvage pact appeal U.S. Understanding letter top American policy makers. The letter sent U.S. Secretary State George Schultz Treasury Secretary James Baker Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter. The Economic Policy Council expect consider evidence present U.S. Chip maker Micron Technology Inc DRAM.O> cut-price Japanese sale Hong Kong. Yamamoto admit Oki Electric Industry Co>'s Hong Kong subsidiary sell chip inappropriate level deny dump chip rock-bottom prices. "If United States us proof dumping...We rebuttal" said. The sale inappropriate MITI's advice semiconductor maker sell chip above production cost avoid hint dump said. He call "strange" stop short endorse Japanese newspaper accusation Oki trap make sales. He Micron publicize invoice document sale Oki unable locate person bought chip try buy week. Reuter 