U.S. refiner worried grow supply import propose federal environmental regulation marketing third grade unleaded gasoline cost dearly industry recover recent slump. "We look security cut amount product crude come country hurt industry" Archie Dunham vice president petroleum product Conoco subsidiary DuPont Corp (DD). U.S. oil import account 38 pct U.S. consumption expect rise 50 pct mid 1990s accord Department Energy. "Can afford import 60 70 pct oil requirement 15 now?" John Swearingen chairman board Continental Illinois Corp CIL> former chief executive Amoco Corp AN>. "If answer question raise doubt behooves cope situation improve position." But Swearingen oppose idea import fee view echoed attend week's National Petroleum Refiners Association meeting San Antonio Texas. "Talk import surcharge control encourage won't solve problem compound them" Swearingen. "Once government affect value import quota license value it's subvert government" added. William Martin deputy Energy Secretary cost import fee outweigh benefit suggest Energy Secretary John Herrington depletion tax credit encourage domestic production limit oil imports. He altnerative energy source encouraged. Restoration depletion allowance 27 pct deduction taxable income oil company controversal Dunham. Dunham official oppose idea fee oil import enact tax crude product imports. "Why company import crude import product small cost fee crude?" Henry Rosenberg chairman Crown Central Petroleum CNP>. An import fee raise cost U.S. petrochemical product noncompetive market Dunham said. "The energy security issue consider environmental issue considered" Martin said. "The level investment propose lower sulfur level diesel 0.05 pct weight example unacceptable" Dunham said. "Most company cannot afford it." George Unzelman president HyOx Inc. proposal "will pressure refining operation promote far industry consolidation." An NPRA survey 139 refinery release conference reduce sulphur content 0.05 pct weight aromatics 20 volume pct aromatics highway diesel fuel cost refiner 6.65 billion dlrs. The average diesel fuel sulfur content 1986 survey respondent 0.27 weight pct average aromatics content 32 pct. Another cost refiner upgrade facility produce third grade unleaded gasoline begin market companies. "What standard octane level various grade unleaded gasoline?" Dunham. "A midlevel grade unleaded gasoline octane level 89 mean investment made" Dunham said. This grade warrant Crown's Rosenberg. Despite concern refiner expect margin move high months. "We begin return wholesale margins" Roger Hemminghaus chairman refining marketing company spin Diamond Shamrock Corp DIA>. Margins high OPEC pact hold U.S. stock gasoline heating oil decline gasoline demand rise drive season approach said. "This summer season sell gasoline" Hemminghaus add company primarily gasoline producer. Reuter 