The dollar's recent decline despite massive central bank purchase forceful reminder official intervention foreign exchange well-timed coincide shift market fundamental sentiment dealer analyst said. Central bank succeed slow trend accompany policy change stand little chance reverse direction ever-growing global market 200 billion dlrs trade source said. "Timing psychology key successful intervention" Jim O'Neill financial market economist Marine Midland Banks Inc. The importance complementary change economic fundamental underlined yesterday change rate boost dollar instantly achieve central bank try vain week market intervention. After Citibank raise prime rate quarter-point 7-3/4 pct change rate August dollar start advance reach Tokyo 147.50 yen yen Tuesday's New York low. By contrast monetary authority spearhead Bank Japan estimate bought 10 billion dlrs 10 day March prevent dollar skid 150 yen plumbing 40-year low Monday 144.70 yen. Some expert worry central bank lose temporary battle prop dollar. The market wary caught wrong-footed central bank foray longer mesmerized. "They've lose credibility. The market feel central bank win" Michael Snow treasury operation Union Bank Switzerland New York. The relative failure recent intervention stand sharp contrast success central bank score join force drive dollar follow September 22 1985 Plaza accord. Then central bank easy market Treasuries major industrial power agree dollar need low redress massive worldwide trade imbalances. Now consensus. The market say dollar fall far U.S. trade deficit show little sign improvement Japan resist bid protect export industries. For United States apparently content dollar fall gradually far pay little lip service February Paris agreement Group Five plus Canada foster stability dealer say. Specifically Fed's dollar-buying intervention half-hearted design political gesture Japan strike fear markets. "It's pro-forma intervention" Francoise Soares-Kemp chief corporate trader Credit Lyonnais. Because discord market's momentum low dollar analyst intervention look doom fail. "It's lot central bank hold dollar (at levels)" Snow predicts 10 15 pct depreciation. "There structural change occur market stop sell dollars" add "Buying six billion dollar week it." Late decade presidency Jimmy Carter dollar heavy speculative attack central bank sometimes intervene tune six billion dlrs single fail stop dollar fall record low 1.70 mark analyst said. Snow purchase scale unlikely. "I don't anybody stomach futility seventies." Indeed market grown leap bound intervention great scale probably need impress market. Trading volume London New York Tokyo alone average nearly 188 billion dlrs accord joint central bank study double previous estimate earlier Group Thirty private research group. There sign central bank realize futility swim tide. Bank Japan source told Reuters Tokyo earlier week believe limit currency market intervention reach method bolster dollar invoke currency swap agreement central bank considered. "In era financial liberalization it's impossible control flow capital Japan" senior official Tokyo said. Reuter 