"Endaka" strong yen usurped "Godzilla Versus Sea Monster" Japan's favourite horror story. The yen's 40 pct surge dollar frighten foreigner tale 40 dlr melon 120 dlr taxi ride airport rent 15000 dlrs month. But "endaka" Japanese product foreign consumption local long-time foreign resident said. "It's really expensive. I don't pay attention cost living" Cheryl Richmond 25-year-old Canadian teacher English Tokyo. Richmond earns 1635 dlrs month "chatting" 40 hour week English Japanese hope learn language. For 326 dlrs month rent sunny quiet two-room flat 20 minute train Shinjuku Tokyo's prime entertainment district manage send average 320 dlrs month. She spends 6.50 dlrs food despite eat day. "For lunch I buy teishoku (daily special) come soba (buckwheat noodles) pork cutlet pickle miso soup rice tea" take coffee breakfast sandwich dinner. No argues Tokyo cheap long-time resident spend 2000 15000 dlrs month spent foreign firm executive Western-style homes. The company feel otherwise. They pay price bring need push Japan's increasingly lucrative markets. "You can't expect move New York Sydney trade down. It's reasonable" spokesman International Business Machines Corp (IBM) support Western lifestyle 350 foreigner Tokyo. Tokyo world's expensive city traveller survey issue month Employment Conditions Abroad said. It found businessmen visit Tokyo spend average 300 dlrs day. While businessmen little choice tourist especially Europe opt visit sunnier cheaper clime Southeast Asia. The Japan Tourist Bureau estimate "endaka" cause 11.5 pct drop foreign visitor Japan year. Those try cut expense chiefly curtail shopping said. To combat "endaka" slump tourism Tourist Bureau prepared pamphlet "Economical Travel Japan." It give budget-saving tip find medium-priced hotel Japanese-style inn cheap sushi bath get "revealing glimpse Japanese daily lives." Residents Okubo House transit hotel Tokyo's Shin-Okubo love hotel district offer savvy advice. For 9.80 dlrs Scott Perry 23-year-old budding English teacher New Zealand share unheated berth-sized twin-room Japanese "flop house." Perry budget 26 33 dlrs look work. "Normally I eat 'teishoku' 400 yen sometimes I'll splurge Shakey's 550 yen eat unlimited pizza hours." Still extra dent budget. "I spend 600 yen dry-clean suit coat" said. REUTER 