The Philippine panel charge sell non-performing asset government financial institution 100 state-owned company privatisation. But David SyCip chief executive trustee Asset Privatisation Trust (APT) told meeting financial executive APT yet receive list firms. "I believe lead investor group long-term potential willing buy company full hands-on job run them" SyCip said. SyCip bidding sell asset handle APT. He bidding either open-priced serious contender APT target price acquisition. He add target price constitute rigid floor. "What consider acceptable price price investor earn adequate return" said. SyCip bulk APT's current relates non-performing asset state-owned Development Bank Philippines (DBP) Philippine National Bank (PNB). The APT January. SyCip 75 pct 400-odd asset DBP PNB hand APT form financial assets. "In case financial asset convert physical asset foreclosures. They fairly cut dry deal mostly production facility textile food-processing plants" said. "Financial asset complicated. The recourse foreclose gain title try sell asset law tend favour debtors" added. SyCip APT protect prosecution charter debtor tie panel litigation. "If situation symbol Gordian knot apt illustration" said. SyCip PNB succeed foreclose 16 17 sugar factory want sell cost involved. "When arithmetic realise foreclose recovery fraction asset's book exposure" said. SyCip APT worried whether associate former President Ferdinand Marcos originally own bankrupt company buy privatisation scheme. "We look bottom line monetise asset maximum degree possible" said. "We sell cash concern come from." He told cabinet minister sceptical identity buyer "Marcos cronies" easily legitimate front specifically bar bidding asset block. "I told I be paid 20 mln peso 100-peso bill identical serial number look genuine legal currency I accept them'" SyCip said. He participant government's debt-equity swap scheme interested buying non-performing asset peso receive deals. The government regulation slow approval debt-equity plan APT normally demand full payment 15 days. "The Central Bank Monetary Board look investment fund earmark non-performing asset purchases" said. "It greatly facilitate matters." SyCip month APT hop recover 24 billion peso assets' total worth 108 billion. President Corazon Aquino announce earlier month proceeds sale APT-controlled asset finance government's land reform aim distribute 9.7 mln hectare land poor peasants. Asked APT favour Filipino buyer SyCip said: "How money country lose 'Filipinos first' slogan? How millionaire forgotten Philippines money United States Australia?" REUTER 