The USDA quarterly hog pig report yesterday show hog U.S. farm compare profitability result low grain price encourage producer step production analyst said. Most analyst agree Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor trader report view bearish pork future future price sharply low today. Some trader analyst expect limit decline nearby contract spillover sell likely cattle. University Missouri agronomist Glen Grimes said"The report show hog producer respond desirable feed ratio enjoy past 10 months." Shearson Lehman analyst Chuck Levitt hog future price above producers' break points. Even future fell daily limit 1.50 cent producer lock profit increase likelihood heavy sell pressure today. "We period profitability magnitude summer" Levitt said. "In hog operation mixed livestock/grain enterprise profitable actually enable farmer foot refinance loan base hog operation alone." Levitt weight breakdown report negative lead anticipate slaughter increase previous year. We expect farmer increase hog operation didn't expect degree expansion show 10-state spring report Levitt added. High hog corn ratio (the bushel corn bought 100 lb hog) result increase profit encourage farmer confinement operation increase production start late year. Analysts note increase hog herd result revision December report revision March report close average expectations. Robin Fuller Agri Analysis USDA major upward revision 105000 size breeding herd December 1 report. So December report bearish initially indicated. But Fuller analyst expect report negative defer future contracts. Distant contract already sharp discount cash trader anticipate farrow intention noted. Discounts October December contract consideration six seven pct increase March/May farrow intention borne March 1 report Fuller said. Grimes "As distant month concerned quarter pig crop six pct 60 lb inventory actually five pct tremendous discount price percent increase push price current future show July August period." Jerry Abbenhaus analyst AGE Clearing note distant future price already 15 20 dlrs low summer. "If cash hog 7-markets average 61 dlrs July doesn't mean hog 15 dlrs cheaper six pct numbers" said. Reuter 