Lloyds Bank Plc's LLOY.L> decision withdraw make market Eurobonds U.K. Government bond (gilts) sent shiver spine market participant view prudent banking analysts. "It (the move) really isn't surprise. They lose lot money stage gilt market cut loss can" Keith Brown banking analyst Greenwell Montagu. "The question gilt market maker similar fate" senior gilt market maker said. Eurobond market participant equally stunned. "They firm size I remember pull eurobond market make altogether" member Association International Bond Dealers London staff. Other Eurobond market participant Lloyds frequently change staff eurobond operation hard believe trouble. With action Lloyds third large U.K. clearing bank becomes U.K. clearing bank withdraw gilt market follow Big Bang deregulation London Stock Exchange October. Earlier Midland Bank Plc MDBL.L> fourth large clearing bank opt make market equity ground return justify expense. It continue market maker gilt however. In prepared statement Lloyds Bank chief executive Brian Pitman bank "relatively position overcrowd market decide reallocate resource opportunity promise return shareholder investment." Lloyds maintain presence short-term security trading swap treasury products. Alan Moore Lloyds Treasurer told Reuters decision forward look follow "strategic review" prospect Lloyds markets. "We decide return attractive" said. Although decision meeting Lloyds board morning Moore consideration time. He deny move "reaction event trading room" acknowledge bank's gilt operation profitable stage market. Greenwell's Brown note 1986 Lloyds Merchant Bank sustain loss 28 mln stg account Eurobond gilt operations. For 1986 Lloyds report pre-tax profit 700 mln stg. "Lloyds easily absorb losses" Brown note minuscule compare bank's exposure Latin America. U.K. Clearing bank pressure increase provision bad loan third country Citibank announce plan add billion dlrs provision mid-May. National Westminster Bank Plc NWBL.L> large clearers become U.K. Clearers follow Citicorp's CCI> move earlier week add 466 mln stg sovereign debt provisions. Lloyds large exposure Latin America Midland Bank small clearers. Lloyds review situation Moore deny today's action connection. "It totally unrelated" said. Trading Eurobonds gilt end announcement made. But market participant dumbfounded. "We heard news 20 minute announcement. I idea coming. I don't I job" trader Lloyds decline identified. Lloyds' Moore bank redeploy staff affected decision part bank. But Lloyds' share market relatively market participant particularly gilt unnerved. One senior gilt market maker note news come period gilt Eurosterling market batter lack investor participation follow June 11 U.K. election. Most firm held position expectation return ruling Conservative party prompt heavy demand. These expectation fail met market sustain sizeable loss election. Lloyds subject rumor experience problem gilt operation official deny stage unprofitable. Gilt market source suggest problem face Lloyds gilt decision build team. It clearer purchase broker jobber (middle man) run-up Big Bang. Under function conduct separately market maker perform tasks. But Big Bang market maker express doubt gilt market sustain 27 market maker turnover increase substantially. And Lloyds withdrawal market maker believe remain 26 opt bow gracefully. Reuter 