Middle East currency dealer meet Abu Dhabi weekend fundamental change see grow volume trade shift Arab London. The 14th congress Inter-Arab Cambiste Association come prospect unified Gulf currency real decade. Foreign exchange trader bank treasurer issue slide Lebanese pound expect major talk points. About 250 trader treasurer 115 bank -- include London major non-Arab financial centre -- expect attend conference begin Saturday. Bankers hard avoid impression grow proportion transaction Saudi riyal market large region carry London. The market dominate Saudi Arabia's 11 bank foreign exchange house Kingdom offshore bank Bahrain. But banker Saudi Bahrain-based bank boost treasury operation London. As recession hit Middle East trade finance region decline offshore bank Bahrain ran currency operations. None major U.K. Clearing bank deal island. The major Bahrain-based international bank Arab Banking Corp> Gulf International Bank BSC> increase presence London Saudi bank busy upgrade representative office branch status allow dealing. One economist said: "It cheaper run riyal book London staff expensive offshore operation Bahrain... There nucleus two-way market London." Jeddah-based Riyad Bank> license deposit taker London 1984 main rival Saudi Arabia National Commercial Bank> (NCB) won licence November 1986. The major market maker traditionally London-based consortium bank Saudi International Bank> kingdom joint-venture Saudi American Bank> (SAMBA) upgraded London operation deposit taker status mid-February. One senior currency trader Riyadh said: "Inevitably volume London gain pace licence NCB SAMBA question liquidity rest Saudi Arabia." Currency trader shift London Saudi riyal market difficult quantify. Bahrain Monetary Agency figure show regional currency deposit held offshore bank Saudi riyal drop equivalent 12.2 billion dlrs end-September 1986 13.4 billion end-1985 1983 peak 15.0 billion. The shift prompt change deal habits. Riyal trading Gulf Saturdays Sundays quiet London close Saudi Bahrain bank staff office Friday Gulf weekend. Traders expect Arab National Bank> step London operations. Traders difficult foresee riyal market move completely region partly local demand partly see Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency's (SAMA) desire moderate internationalisation riyal protect undue speculation. There few sign Kuwaiti dinar market shift natural base Kuwait trading Bahrain London limited. But formation six nation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) 1981 sign moot currency union force soon. Currency trader remains unclear form final currency union six -- Saudi Arabia Kuwait Bahrain Oman Qatar United Arab Emirates. But plan link six currency European Monetary System style common peg discuss level topic GCC's annual summit expect held Saudi Arabia late year. One dealer said: "A lot exposure discussion plan appear quite advanced. But political decision take go-ahead." One question common peg currencies. The idea link six currency debate start GCC. The Kuwaiti dinar currently link basket currency five currency either officially practice link U.S. Dollar. Some trader currency union mean speculation Saudi riyal rub Gulf currency plan call permit divergence 7-1/4 pct avoid sudden strains. Another topic debate expect continued slide Lebanese pound dollar undermine effective capital base Lebanese banks. REUTER 