Foreign bank West Germany reassess position change market regulatory environment dampen once-euphoric enthusiasm expansion here. Banking source change plan bring security holding capital lending ratio move major financial centre. This serious burden foreign bank particularly active primary secondary bond markets. Foreign bank low equity reserve capital domestic banks. Senior banking source talk Bundesbank banking supervisory office bring security -- primarily bond -- banking law govern capital ratio progress. Although date imposition bank oblige bring bond 1985 rule limit bank lending 18 time shareholder equity reserves. Although regulatory authority know consider similar step grow securitisation debt previously balance sheet Germany tradition prudence first. Brian Kissack president Foreign Banks Association told Reuters "It's positive sign. It cause (West Germany) query whether attractive now." Larger bank begin global network pas holding mark security centre stringent ratio take country added. But source foreign bank face host practical problem well. These include -- apparent unwillingness Bonn government move abolish stock exchange turnover tax. -- sign London's "Big Bang" deeper implication German security trading thought. -- difficulty find experienced security professional staff subsidiaries. -- grow pressure commercial banking margin force widespread retrenchment refocus activities. -- threat have renew push market share large powerful Japanese banks. By leave stock exchange turnover tax initial negotiate session incoming federal coalition government Bonn dash hope soon abolished. The tax 0.25 pct security trade non-bank levy authority bonds. This extra cost particularly finely-priced instrument float rate note kept mark security firmly City await change. But aside London active domestic house expected. Large U.S. British Japanese Swiss investor prefer execute block trade -- 50000 share -- City market maker absorb paper position diminish immediate impact share price. Most German broker bank pas trade direct exchange floor cut profit add costs. Bank Liechstenstein (Frankfurt) GmbH board member Michael Zapf London's share German security cause foreign bank German unit weigh whether establishment cost involve worth returns. Additional sign London market maker move secondary level stock add concern said. Now plan foreign bank transfer mark security trading entirely newly establish mainly Frankfurt-based unit reassess source said. The continue existence stock exchange tax effectively prevent birth short-term mark paper market certificate deposit commercial paper. Many U.S. Investment money centre bank particular hop experience provide lever prise tight credit relationship company domestic "house" banks. At moment U.S. Investment bank expand fast here. A unit Salomon Inc SB.N> summer Morgan Stanley Group Inc MS.N> currently fitting office probably summer start business. A unit Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co> begin operation end. Merrill Lynch Co Inc MER.N> Shearson Lehman Brothers know weigh conversion current operation full-standing units. But expansion hamper lack experienced personnel hitherto fairly market. The Swiss bank arrive late 1985 half 1986 steadily building security department take staff equally domestic foreign competitors. The U.S. Banks long establish Citibank AG Chase Bank AG particularly hard hit. Both bank recently announce plan cut commercial activity shut German branch office order office. In competitive environment return asset employ insufficient meet requirement source said. But weaken attraction "Financial Centre Germany" unlikely deter major Japanese bank set full subsidiary Bundesbank give green mark eurobond lead management probably third quarter 1987. Once bank Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd DIKB.T> Sumitomo Bank Ltd SUMI.T> move competition staff premise soar source said. REUTER 