New York coffee future price probably fall 85 cent lb month consolidation trend set accord market analysts. Yesterday price spot May contract fell below 1.00 dlr lb August 1981 International Coffee Organization export quota discussion current agenda. Talks aim renegotiate ICO export quota five price-supporting agreement broke February. "Short-term look definite test 90 cent 85 cents" William O'Neill coffee analyst Elders Futures. "But additional downside current levels." "At price level market vulnerable bullish developments" O'Neill added. "Rather have market plummet we'll price erode -- probably 85 cents." "I definitely 90 cent rule brief drop 85 cents" Debra Tropp coffee analyst Prudential Bache. But June worry freeze Brazil grow area market factor price likely consolidate ahead time. A trader major international trade name expect 10 cent drop near term believe Brazil open May registration relatively export price require contribution quota exporter market steady low levels. Longer term add producer pressure mount Brazil agree consumers' export quota term international agreement force fall. Since February talk broke market fall 130.00 cent lb low 98.10 cent lb buyer seller sought reassess supply demand. Generally analyst producer buildup stock U.S. roaster drawn supply buying soon. "Most produce nation complete complete annual harvest exportable supply seasonal peak. Exports remain behind ago warehouse producer nation become increasingly overburdened" Sandra Kaul coffee analyst Shearson Lehman firm's forthcoming quarterly coffee report. Kaul producers' procure hard currency service foreign debt far pressure sell "this keep substantial pressure exporter undertake sale despite drop price six lows." Kaul believe market drop 80 cent lb Brazil's frost season begin June. Accurate assessment roaster demand hard analyst note peak winter consumption period pass demand usually slows year. Shearson's Kaul estimate U.S. roaster end stock January 31 include soluble roast 6.3 mln bag compare 6.9 mln end-September 1986 drawdown usually busy winter roast season. But Elders O'Neill "The roaster overstock means." Analysts pick bottom market difficult price fall uncharted territory below long-term support 1.00 dlr lb trader sideline preferable short term. Reuter 