The record 4.9 billion dlrs rise U.K. Reserves May total 34.7 billion lift hope far cut bank base lending rate June 11 election market analyst said. Sterling risen expect market nerve poll outcome said. But weight foreign currency gold reserve available authority support pound curb market tendency panic U.K. Opinion poll show ruling Conservative Party's lead slip added. "We intervene great extent hitherto" Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson news conference comment news record reserve rise. He U.K. Intervention context Louvre accord lead industrial nation stabilise dollar partly direct intervention foreign exchanges. "We play full ourselves" said. But market analyst recent upward pressure sterling consequent official sale damp rise local factors. Steven Bell chief economist Morgan Grenfell Securities corporate money flow Britain amid hope Conservative government fear autumn Labour election victory sent flood out. U.K. Portfolio investment return foreign buyer U.K. Growth propects bond yield attractive. They strong buyer U.K. Assets notably equity election Bell said. Analysts pressure main hope low rate government expect try reverse loss export competitiveness cause strong pound. Today pound hardly move reserve news dip trade-weighted index basket currency 73.1 pct 1975 value 1000 GMT 73.0 pct 1100 GMT half hour figure released. "The market doesn't anything election" comment economist U.S. Investment bank. Several dealer analyst add market forecast rise reserve billion dlrs overestimate amount pound sale likely disguise swap arrangement transaction forward market. The market overestimate amount sterling Bank England bought May smooth pound's sudden downturn intervention report May probably occur April said. The key month interbank money market rate ease 1/8 reflect cautious hope downtrend U.K. Interest rate revive follow reserve news analyst said. Government bond price initially firm market mute trader worried funding implication huge rise reserve added. Morgan Grenfell's Bell forecast half base rate cut current nine pct level soon election poll projection Conservative victory prove accurate half later. Justin Silverton equity economist Credit Suisse Buckmaster Moore full reduction possible. "Sterling held rate cut future active intervention" predicted. Kevin Boakes Greenwell Montagu Gilt-Edged caution over-optimistic forecast agree half cut look likely. A cut election virtually rule out. "The Bank (of England) worried political cut rate election campaign ... And signal worry broad money (growth)" Robin Marshall chief U.K. Economist Chase Manhattan Securities. He 10 billion dlrs increase total reserve past seven month foreshadow full U.K. Entry European Monetary System. But Bell authority 10 15 billion dlrs reserve join so. But unlike analyst doubt U.K. Will in. REUTER 