A secondary market resale farm real estate loan similar market mortgage gain support Congress rural lender Congressional financial source said. Several bill establish farm secondary market introduce House Senate. Furthermore Representatives Farm Credit System commercial banker insurance company meeting attempt agree method establish market. Frank Naylor chairman Farm Credit Administration FCA regulates farm credit yesterday farm loan secondary market positive agriculture "as farm credit key player." Naylor told House Agriculture subcommittee hearing secondary market establish either Congressional legislation administratively. Any farm loan secondary market model successful resale market mortgage Government National Mortgage Association GNMA Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) industry source said. Commercial bank insurance company main supporter farm loan secondary market believe allow private lender compete effectively rural lending quasi-government farm credit traditionally large lender farmers. A farm secondary market allow lender sell high-quality loan farmland "poolers" turn package loan issue farm mortgage-backed security resale investor -- call Aggie-mae proponents. The FCA financially-troubled farm credit past ambivalent idea mainly farm secondary market establish private sector exclude farm credit competitive disadvantage financial blow lose 4.6 billion dlrs Naylor farm credit official said. However FCA positive idea recently benefit appoint agent secondary market. "If farm credit guarantor pool farm mortgage loan benefit fee charge provide service" Life Insurers' study said. Congressional source believe secondary market available private lender farm credit agent include major federal government rescue package draft Congress year. A study commission main supporter secondary market idea American Council Life Insurers concludes farm credit system's market share rural lending fall secondary market established. The study release earlier today. The study secondary market establish virtually federal money government provide guarantee 90 pct farm loan private co-insurance plan guaranteed 10 pct losses. It estimate 500 mln billion dlrs eight billion farm real estate loan issue qualify secondary market expand significantly investor accept idea. The study rate charge farmer meet underwriting standard secondary market fall 50 100 basis point due resale market. The rate decline major reason lead U.S. farm organization American Farm Bureau Federation recently endorse idea. Proponents secondary market increase liquidity farm lending spread risk loans. Reuter 