Investors Philippine stock market shrug grow communist activity city push share price all-time high record turnover broker said. Regularly heavy trading billion share sent Manila exchange's composite index soar 775.9 577.2 point weeks. Brokers described recent trading "frantic" "hectic" trading record smash day. A total 2.6 billion share worth 259.4 million peso change hand main Manila Makati exchange yesterday activity centavo price stock broker said. The turnover double record 1.1 billion share worth 118.1 million peso Wednesday. Brokers rise gold price cause mining share shoot week ago sector followed. Share price continued rise gold price fell 450 dlrs ounce due rise confidence President Corazon Aquino's handle economy said. Brokers Aquino's handle 18-year-old communist insurgency maintenance relatively low rate contribute rise. Blue chip stock San Miguel Corp Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co (PLDT) risen 25 pct week trend upward medium term temporary correction overdue said. Since surge May 26 Manila's Mining index risen 5700.4 point 4042.4 commercial industrial index shot 881.0 694.9 point oil indicator increase 4.1 2.9 points. Market activity rise spurt Ferdinand Marcos replace Aquino 16 month ago. One broker Philippine stock market "may age." Wilson Sy president Prudential Securities local stockbroking firm Hong Kong affiliation told Reuters "Barring unforeseen political event bet Philippine market. It shrug communist inroad Manila." Assassins kill 52 policeman soldier security guard capital year. Communist hitman know sparrow claimed kill 22 them. Sy Philippine stock undervalue term price-earnings ratio half Hong Kong one-sixth Japan. He PLDT U.S. Listed price-earnings ratio nine. Sy predict Manila's composite index rise beyond 1000 point current 775.9 mark year-end. Other broker cautious say Aquino improve peace investor treat Philippines Hong Kong Tokyo. One broker believe 30 pct money stock foreign fund manager agent base Hong Kong New York. Manila Stock Exchange chairman Robert Coyuito told Reuters "If peace situation really improve market move beyond price-earnings ratio 20 times." "But depends Congress performs local election go" said. A two-chamber legislature elect month due sit July 27. Local election schedule November. PLDT share close 630 peso share yesterday 30 peso above Wednesday's record close. PLDT share price risen nine-fold 18 months. San Miguel share close 190 peso historic broker said. REUTER 