Latin American sugar producer await far rise market price move boost production official trade source said. Although price risen eight five U.S. Cents lb past six month below region's nine ten cent lb average production cost. The recent rise price place producer alert Manuel Rico consultant Group Latin American Caribbean Sugar Exporting Countries (GEPLACEA) told Reuters. However Rico require five seven cent stimulate notable increase output. "Producers take measure increase production price profitable" said. Officials Mexico Guatemala Ecuador continued rise price stimulate production industry leader Panama Costa Rica go. "The price ridiculous" Julian Mateo vice president Costa Rica's Sugar Cane Industrial-Agricultural League. "At current price nobody consider increase production." Other producer wary commit fund increase output instability markets. An official Colombia's National Association Sugar Cane Growers plan raise export targets. "The market unstable. What happen yet give pattern reason modify anything." In 1985 late full figure available Central South American nation produce 28 mln tonne raw value sugar 12.3 mln exported. A earlier produce export 800000 accord London-based International Sugar Organization. Years continuous low price plunge sugar industry country region recession hard recover. Miguel Guerrero director Dominican Republic's National Sugar Institute difficult boost production price recover sharply. Output slump 450000 tonne 900000 late 1970s. Obsolete refinery poor transport badly maintain plantation barrier short term recovery output added. Plans nearby Cuba world's large cane sugar exporter increase output 10 mln tonne decade seem ambitious trade source said. Output run below record 8.6 mln produce 1970. Cuba suffers run plantation harvest problem poor processing facility low price output sell Eastern Bloc country special deals. Last bad weather add trouble output fell 7.2 mln tonne 8.2 mln 1985. The low price recent lead country region cut exportable production level barely cover U.S. And Caribbean country European Community (EC) import quota receive price above free market levels. Progressive reduction U.S. Quotas lead production stagnate fall shift free market. Peru example ship 96000 tonne U.S. In 1983 1984. This fell 76000 1986 quota 37000. A cooperative official market level continue half Peru's production cost future industry uncertain. At meeting GEPLACEA Brazil October official stress alternative us sugar cane accord group's executive-secretary Eduardo Latorre "grows weed" throughout region. Brazil large cane producer output 240 mln tonne us half produce alcohol fuel. Cane excess internal demand alcohol sugar refine sugar sale abroad earn need foreign currency. The difference price state-run Sugar Alcohol Institute (IAA) pay local industry receives foreign buyer cost government 350 mln dlrs year. Soaring domestic demand alcohol sugar past couple drought-reduced cane crop meant Brazil difficulty meeting export commitment 1987 trade source said. Negotiations delay shipment indecisive main stick Brazil compensate buyer non-delivery sugar sell five cent lb cost eight cent replace. Brazilian sugar industry source sugar export sale expect extremely low Institute wary expose domestic shortage either alcohol sugar rebuild deplete reserve stockpiles. However situation change dramatically economy go recession internal demand slumps. Sources Latin America Caribbean hold little hope region's sugar industry return profitability unless U.S. And EC change policies. "The agricultural policy European Community United States cause economy incalculable harm closing market price deterioration international commerce furthermore unfair competition third countries" Brazil's Trade Industry Minister Jose Hugo Castelo Branco told October GEPLACEA meeting. The EC prolong attack GEPLACEA charge continued dump excess output markets. GEPLACEA official main cause low prices. GEPLACEA see International Sugar Agreement regulate price chance pull region's industry steady decline. Such agreement U.S. And EC backing industrialise country political merely economic pact. "They realise economy suffer capcity buy good repay region's 360 billion dollar foreign debt" GEPLACEA's Latorre said. Reuter 