Democrats House Budget Committee meeting behind close door draft outline year's federal budget proceed snail's pace. In series interview panel concede budget panel's draft session yesterday initially expect late tomorrow extend week. "We've way go" Rep. Martin Frost (D-Tex.). told Reuters. "We make progress should" Rep. Vic Fazio (D-Calif.). Members acknowledge panel's preliminary goal spending cut revenue enable government meet 108 billion dlr deficit ceiling come federal law. Budget Commitee Chairman William Gray (D-Pa.) interviewed break lawmakers' secret deliberation committee debate shape overall budget agreement size precise form revenue spending cut pursued. But lawmaker House Democratic leadership panel package 36 billion dlrs deficit-reducing measures. The package include 18 billion dlrs revenue nine billion dlrs military spending cut nine billion dlrs domestic spending reduction said. The Democratic lawmaker try meet goal firm decisions. In particular legislator have trouble come nine billion dlrs military spending cuts. "We're talk range 15-20 billion dlrs revenue can't full amount defense cut raise revenues" Fazio said. The particular manner revenue raise decide lawmaker said. House Speaker Jim Wright (D-Texas) urge passage tax security transaction bring estimate 20 billion dlrs revenue U.S. Treasury. But administration totally oppose tax top official told Reuters yesterday. The official spoke condition identify administration oppose suggestion Wright administration delay year's cut top tax rate call recent tax overhaul law. The Congressional Democrats hint week ago seek reduce deficit 36 billion dlrs aside question whether effort meet 108 billion dlr deficit target fiscal 1988 federal balance budget law. The administration predict approval 42 billion dlrs deficit reduction meet target. Its budget plan submit January call 1.024 trillion dlrs spending revenue 916 billion dlrs. But Congressional Budget Office administration forecast base overly optimistic assumption economy. The nonpartisan office administration's budget plan adopt yield deficit 134 billion dlrs miss deficit target 26 billion dlrs and. Reuter 