The president Japan's big technology firm NEC Corp NIPN.T> anything worried despite grow anti-Japanese protectionism soar yen stagnant electronics market. "The company's structure developed look ahead" Tadahiro Sekimoto told Reuters interview. "We assume era strong yen trade friction globalisation arrive move ahead basis. There's change strategy now." However world's large manufacturer microchip tiny silicon wafer brain technology product know keep look ahead survive. Hoping build exist strength NEC turn focus electronics past weakness Sekimoto said. NEC want follow corporate slogan "C C" (Computers Communications) create level electronics beyond mere television video tape recorder Sekimoto said. Home electronics account eight pct NEC's total 2334.67 billion yen sale consolidated basis end March 31 1986. Industry analyst NEC wise target major growth market future warn company face stiff competition. "This market -- product combine personal computer video display telecommunication networks" Salomon Brothers (Asia) Ltd analyst Carole Ryavec. "But Matsushita (Electric Industrial Co Ltd) first." But Sekimoto argues NEC's overall strength carry day. "Many company top 10 computer microchip telecommunication none top 10 three. NEC unique respect" said. To already ranking NEC far increase level offshore production make multinational Japan's electronics firms. The company increase offshore output good sell overseas 50 pct current 25 pct Sekimoto said. But firm plan alone expand overseas despite move joint owner France's Cie de Machines Bull BULP.P> U.S. Firm Honeywell Inc's HON> Information Systems unit. "We hope increase share U.S. Market Honeywell tie-up. But basic strategy independent autonomous route" Sekimoto. The company plan maintain independent line continue computer compatible International Business Machines Corp IBM> said. "Among Japanese competitor NEC hasn't caught software copyright dispute IBM profit market share gradually expanded" Sekimoto said. Once way link non-compatible computer perfect IBM compatibility irrelevant. "What matter hardware software ability meet customer needs" Sekimoto said. In NEC half Japan's personal computer market court stop competitor sell cheaper machine run NEC software infringe copyright operating NEC spokesman said. While industry analyst NEC mark look ahead note fail forecasting microchip demand. Like Japanese chipmakers firm left serious excess capacity lean follow boom times. But cutback capital investment sector Sekimoto think boost spending slightly. "We're increase production. But invest product development upgrade exist plant" said. Despite NEC's admit strength analyst note company face tough time due stagnant markets. "NEC excellent worldwide capacity technology caught downturn time" Salamon's Ryavec. The company forecast trouble slash parent net profit 30 billion yen end March 31 1987 43 pct previous sale expect rise eight pct 2130 billion yen. Profits improve slightly rise 38 billion yen sale 2350 billion said. REUTER 