Mexico's 7.7 billion dlr loan package sign New York tomorrow amid increase call creditor debtor streamline tortuous process raise jumbo loan banker said. Pressure change mount Mexican deal difficult syndicate banker feared. Several tentative signing date scrap five month loan agree 13-bank advisory committee October 16 dozen Mexico's 400 creditor bank worldwide refuse participate. The resistance deal see alongside large loan Latin American debtor region's debt crisis flare 1983. Mexico sign agreement reschedule 52.3 billion dlrs debt. Moreover major package built U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's strategy offering loan country willing implement market-oriented pro-growth policy intense market scrutiny expected. Still split banks' rank shock. "This unsuccessful operation we've bickering ever" senior banker commented. Officers bank sell swap write Mexican loan reason throw money bad. Major lender counter bank share responsibility make loan cannot expect keep receive debt unless join ones. Assistant U.S. Treasury Secretary David Mulford recently reluctance bank endanger entire Mexican package. Things improve money center banker determine keep hound recalcitrant bank 7.7 billion dlr target reached. The loan presently 98.5 pct committed. "People outside shouldn't they've save 7.7 (billion dlrs)" warned. But round "free-rider" bank entail huge drain management resource banker acknowledge syndicate shrink. One idea levy loan contribution basis current exposure instead outstandings earlier "base" date - August 1982 Mexico. Another streamline idea allow bank escape swap loan "exit bonds" debtor issue discount. Argentina press solution avail argue small 120 360 bank creditor account pct foreign bank debt 120 bank account far six pct. Central bank president Jose Luis Machinea Argentina receive 2.15 billion dlrs bank loan seek September negotiation International Monetary Fund. The protract negotiation damage confidence investor Argentina force rate spur capital flight said. "We introduce common discussion" Machinea week Cambridge Mass. He echoed Mexico's deputy planning minister Pedro Aspe Armella delay signing country's loan difficult map economic policy certainty. "It's sad affair" told Cambridge meeting. Bankers Mexico become frustrate delay loan suspend debt-equity swap month pressure banks. Other strain intensified U.S. non-U.S. bank partly U.S. regulation accounting rule discourage writedowns. Critics prompt U.S. bank focus ensure steady payment debtor short term possibly detriment longer-term solutions. Because half bank baulking Mexican deal American foreign banker U.S. bank difference. This issue "national share" defuse Mexican committee banker probably recur talk Argentina Brazil whose finance minister Dilson Funaro already suggest separate negotiation regional committee creditors. Streamlining new-money process run parallel effort develop broader "menu" alternative loan trade credit debt-equity conversions. "We great flexibility devise money package effect essential future bank syndications" Mulford week. He told bank stop complain leeway current procedure ideas. Some step already take - payment Chile stretch bank debate whether accept partial payment Philippines paper instead cash. Because bank isolate hard-line Brazil clinch deal Argentina soon practicable banker Argentine package likely establish line Baker Plan. But banker speculate Brazilian deal come radically different. As loan Mexico history book big jumbo. "I'm convince it'll form" banker said. Reuter 