Mounting trade friction U.S. And Japan raise fear Asia's export nation row inflict far-reaching economic damage businessmen official said. They told Reuter correspondent Asian capital U.S. Move Japan boost protectionist sentiment U.S. And lead curb American import products. But exporter conflict hurt long-run short-term Tokyo's loss gain. The U.S. Has impose 300 mln dlrs tariff import Japanese electronics good April 17 retaliation Japan's allege failure stick pact sell semiconductor market below cost. Unofficial Japanese estimate impact tariff 10 billion dlrs spokesman major electronics firm virtually halt export product hit taxes. "We wouldn't able business" spokesman lead Japanese electronics firm Matsushita Electric Industrial Co Ltd MC.T>. "If tariff remain length beyond month mean complete erosion export (of good subject tariffs) U.S." Tom Murtha stock analyst Tokyo office broker James Capel Co>. In Taiwan businessmen official worried. "We aware seriousness U.S. Threat Japan serf warn us" senior Taiwanese trade official named. Taiwan trade trade surplus 15.6 billion dlrs 95 pct U.S. The surplus help swell Taiwan's foreign exchange reserve 53 billion dlrs world's largest. "We quickly market remove trade barrier cut import tariff allow import U.S. Products defuse problem U.S. Retaliation" Paul Sheen chairman textile exporter Taiwan Safe Group>. A senior official South Korea's trade promotion association trade dispute U.S. And Japan lead pressure South Korea whose chief export similar Japan. Last South Korea trade surplus 7.1 billion dlrs U.S. Up 4.9 billion dlrs 1985. In Malaysia trade officer businessmen tough curb Japan allow hard-hit producer semiconductor third country expand sale U.S. In Hong Kong newspaper allege Japan sell below-cost semiconductor electronics manufacturer share view. But businessmen short-term commercial advantage outweigh far U.S. Pressure block imports. "That short-term view" Lawrence Mills director-general Federation Hong Kong Industry. "If purpose prevent import extend sources. Much serious Hong Kong disadvantage action restrain trade" said. The U.S. Last Hong Kong's big export market accounting 30 pct domestically produce exports. The Australian government await outcome trade talk U.S. And Japan concern Industry Minister John Button Canberra Friday. "This deterioration trade relation country major trading partner ours serious matter" Button said. He Australia's concern centre coal beef Australia's large export Japan significant U.S. Exports country. Meanwhile U.S.-Japanese diplomatic manoeuvre solve trade stand-off continue. Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party yesterday outline package economic measure boost Japanese economy. The measure propose include supplementary budget record work spending half financial year. They call stepped-up spending emergency measure stimulate economy despite Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone's avow fiscal reform program. Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Michael Smith Makoto Kuroda Japan's deputy minister International Trade Industry (MITI) due meet Washington week effort dispute. REUTER 