Genentech Inc suffer temporary setback follow U.S. agency decision withhold recommendation genetically-produced drug treat heart attack progress industry source analyst said. "When TPA (the drug) scene project scale approval 1990" Sam Milstein scientist industry consultant. "So delay arisen likelihood drug approve prior initial projections" added. Last Friday advisory committee Food Drug Administration FDA withheld recommendation Genentech's tissue plasminogen activator drug call Activase. Athough support Genentech's claim drug dissolve blood clot FDA want data show treatment benefit heart-attack victims. "We talk FDA soon ask specifically look for" Genentech spokeswoman said. She company data show improvement heart muscle drug administer include FDA filing. Industry analyst 12 drop company's stock 37-1/4 largely expect speculative nature biotechnology company whose fortune depend success drug. "In large pharmaceutical company product overall significance. But Genentech" Robert Riley senior consultant Arthur D. Little Inc. Some estimate Genentech 1.5 billion dlrs drug. But delay enter market catch Genentech's lead. Industry source point KabiVitrum alliance Hoechst AG HFAG.F> won recommendation streptokinase drug Genentech's application delayed. Streptokinase enzyme-based drug treat heart attack victims. In addition Milstein Beecham Group Plc BHAM.L> drug call Eminase "the likely competitor TPA" clinical standpoint nearly identical. Beecham's drug approve Germany await approval U.K. added. Streptokinase difficult administer heart attack victim dissolve reach heart. Another method involve pump drug directly heart tube prove difficult heart attack progress. TPA see savior easy administer work quickly. But development streptokinase effective easy administer become potential threat Genentech's grasp TPA market. And wasn't 30 biotech company quickly develop TPA Genentech's path. "Genentech's advantage market" industry consultant Scott King formerly analyst Montgomery Securities San Francisco. "They'll approve they'll competition years." The company patent pressure drug. It currently court Beecham Group U.K. patent dispute. And patent pending U.S. analyst expect company suit soon patent issue potentially harmful situation temporary setback FDA. Reuter 