The release U.K. February trade data show current account surplus provisional 376 mln stg 73 mln surplus January boost hope cut rate analyst said. Market forecast bad outcome expectation deficit visible trade average 750 mln stg official figure 224 mln stg sharply narrower January's 527 mln deficit. "The figure unreservedly good" Chase Manhattan Securities economist Andrew Wroblewski said. Sterling rebound trade figure reverse weaker morning trend stand 72.1 pct trade weight index basket currency midday unchanged yesterday's close 0.3 point above 1100 GMT level. The market fear deteriorate non-oil trade pattern undermine international support sterling motor behind recent fall U.K. Interest rates. Money market source market begin doubt widely expect drop bank base lending rate 9.5 pct 10.0 pct really cards. But sentiment look again. There look danger Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast 1987 current account deficit 2.5 billion stg exceed Wroblewski. Seasonally adjust figure show import rise February 7.16 billion stg 6.73 billion January. Exports rise record 6.93 billion 6.20 billion. However Chris Tinker U.K. Analyst broker Phillips Drew faster rise export import prove partly aberrational come months. He forecast Chancellor's Budget tax cut increase consumer expediture import goods. However Ian Harwood economist Warburg Securities firm sharply revise 1987 current account deficit forecast late data cut billion stg expect full total 1.75 billion stg. He news strong growth export non-oil good confirm recent bullish survey Confederation British Industry. The growth import appear flatten January's bad weather curbed consumer spending overseas good import-intensive stock building manufactureres Harwood said. U.K. Government bond gilt surge 1/2 better-than-expected news earlier worry figure evaporated. Sterling peaked 1.6075 dlrs settle steady 1.6050 dlrs 1300 GMT nearly cent high European low 1.5960. However analyst note turnabout market sentiment look highly vulnerable political news. Morning weakness sterling gilt market largely attribute newspaper opinion poll show Conservative government's support slipping. The Marplan poll publish "Today" show Conservative support fall 36 pct 38 pct month Alliance Liberals Social Democrats rally 31 pct 21 pct run neck neck Labour Party whose support fell 38 pct. The poll take Budget greet enthusiastically financial market seem left voter indifferent political observer said. Another regular poll due tomorrow eonomists warn today's improve sentiment dent support Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher slip again. This upset markets' political perception discounting Conservative victory upcoming election sensitive trade data Harwood said. "The news substantial relief" said. However rate front economist caution Lawson wary leave sterling vulnerable encourage base rate fall. They note Lawson already inflation-reducing cut mortgage rate response low base rate domestic political reason low rate curtailed. REUTER 