Thailand's improve economy help trade finance position create major problem local bank Thai foreign banker said. They 900 mln dlr save cheaper import oil 19.7 pct export growth contribute country's current account surplus 20 years. But bright picture together government farmer cope depressed commodity price coincides sluggish investment private sector feel linger effect 1984-86 recession. Thai bank grow surplus fund difficulty find borrower third quarter 1986. Kunthon Narkprom budget planning division Thai Farmers Bank Ltd estimate excess liquidity bank peaked month 60 billion baht time consider normal. Bank Thailand figure show total deposit 1986 grow 12.7 pct 627.7 billion baht lending rise 3.4 pct 548.6 billion. The lending/deposit ratio measure bank loan percentage deposit fell 86.6 pct month low 1970s average 96.6 pct 1985. Thai bank cut lending deposit rate record six time January 1986 average minimum loan rate fell 11.5 pct 15.5 gross one-year fix deposit rate 7.25 pct 11. Five bank announce week cut maximum lending rate borrower percentage 14 pct. Kunthon Thai Farmers estimate bank combine 80 billion baht unused overdraft line medium-size company delay borrowing anticipation cut rates. The record liquidity seriously hurt profit bank force invest idle fund low-yield government securities. Kunthon bank hold 10 billion baht short-term government bond bought Bank Thailand's bond repurchase facility double normal amount. Thailand's 16 local commercial bank register bad 1986 overall profit fall 30 pct 14 pct decline 1985. Kunthon profit increase 10 pct bank adjust rate structure. Olarn Chaipravat senior executive vice president Siam Commercial Bank Ltd told reporter week liquidity stem partly loan demand business seek fund labour-intensive projects. He capital-intensive project borrower offshore meet requirements. Somboon Chinsavananond Thai Farmers' fund management executive liquidity aggravate central bank's policy fix stable baht-dollar exchange rate permit Thai company import dollar-denominated fund minimal risk currency exchange losses. He underlie bearishness towards U.S. Dollar encourage foreign borrower hope pay loan principal loan mature. Thai banker central bank governor Kamchorn Sathirakul month reject request increase 10 pct withholding tax foreign loan measure reduce foreign borrowings. The governor reply banker extend loan rural area instead. Bankers Thai bank offer credit-worthy client loan near money market rate seven eight pct bid compete foreign funds. A market analyst Siam Commercial Bank bank lending rate amount 15 pct loan extend industry. A foreign banker request anonymity "segmented market approach" Thai bank set lending rate cause dislocation fund financial sector erode bank profit prevent bank take logical move far cut rates. He liquidity give Bank Thailand perfect opportunity assert control Thai money market. The Bank Thailand take "a step direction" planning float billion baht bond mop surplus add bank lax use bond repurchase window tool absorb inject liquidity market. William Wu Treasury Unit Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. Said money market lack instrument absorb liquidity avoid sharp rate fluctuations. He liquidity fuel stock market's strong rally seven Thailand seize opportunity develop corporate bond market. REUTER 