The U.S. economy face serious problem threaten continued expansion accord Congressional report release today. The report Democratic majority Congressional Joint Economic Committee outlook sluggish growth U.S. rest near future. Committee Republicans release separate optimistic report predict continued stable growth low inflation. Democrats 12 eight majority committee 10 Senators 10 Representatives. "The annual report committee survey 3.7 trillion dlr economy whose tranquil appearance obscures danger signal lie below surface" Committee chairman Sen. Paul Sarbanes statement. "A close inspection economy reveals current recovery fragile skate thin ice" Maryland Democrat said. He danger signal include decline investment increase demand borrowing strain financial increase inflation fuel high oil price depressed condition nation's farmers. Republicans private economist likelihood recession predict growth rate pct similar Administration forecasts. "The economy appear path stable growth. We're comfortable current low rate inflation hopeful rate continue decline optimistic employment opportunity continue improve confident nation's resilient innovative diversified economy" Republican report said. "The great economic challenge face 100th Congress reduce federal deficit" Republicans added. Democrats budget deficit reduce want government spend education job training research development health care. They pressure dollar difficult Federal Reserve monetary policy stimulate economy becomes necessary. "There substantial concern inflationary effect decline dollar buildup monetary pressure arise recent rapid growth money supply" Democrat report said. "At increase reliance foreign source capital American investment market mean Federal Reserve longer aggressive past lower rate drive dollar down." "Taken together outlook fiscal monetary policy encouraging" Democrats said. The Democrats call Administration aggressive remove foreign trade barrier seek initiative solve international debt problem. The Democrats U.S. trade deficit cause misalignment world's currency especially overvaluation dollar 1982. Both Democrats Republicans call policy increase American productivity include incentive save investment plant equipment development educate force. Reuter 