Indonesia head election six weeks' economy bad shape 20 economist official said. The government expect spillover "people power" neighbour Philippines unsettle 20-year rule President Suharto victory whose ruling Golkar party come parliamentary election assured. However Western diplomat country's deteriorate economic position main threat stability. Last year's collapse oil price dealt heavy blow Indonesia halve revenue oil gas export 6.5 billion dlrs 12.4 billion 1985. Oil gas account 70 pct export income. The result run-up April 23 election Suharto woo 168 mln countryman pay increase tax cut busy slash budget spending. The government recently increase transport fare frozen pay civil service army run despite inflation estimate 8.8 pct. The current account deficit rise 4.09 billion dlrs 1986 1.8 billion 1985 debt service ratio widen 33.2 pct 1987 25 pct 1986. Foreign debt repayment 4.6 billion dlrs account third 1987/88 budget. A recent U.S. Embassy report economy 1986 gross domestic product growth low mid-1960s Suharto power. Western economist GDP register nil growth contract 1.9 pct growth 1985 predict pct rise year. In effort return growth see oil-boom 1970s economy grow average seven pct government rely foreign borrowings. Indonesia foreign government finance share project built overseas money cannot afford meet local costs. In month Indonesia take loan total 1.55 billion dlrs top external debt 37 billion dlrs. Western banker need country rank sixth Third World debtors. A 350 mln dlr commercial loan sign Tokyo December follow week February 300 mln dlr loan World Bank support balance payments. Last month Japan's Export-Import Bank agree 900 mln dlr loan meet Indonesia's share 21 World Bank project otherwise scrap postponed. More loan include World Bank worth total 300 mln dlrs road irrigation. U.S. Ambassador Paul Wolfowitz recent speech economic growth remains key preserve Indonesia's fundamental stability. The large Moslem nation Indonesia avoid extreme path Moslem countries. But World Bank warn mount unemployment start cause severe strain unless tackled. It annual report Indonesia June unless economic growth revive unemployment reach term "unacceptable levels." Unemployment officially 4.8 pct consider underemployed 35 pct. What path appear matter dispute Suharto's government Western-trained technocrat advocate classic remedy support international financial community. But support protect economy import substitution U.S. Embassy report said. The government devalue rupiah 31 pct dollar September export curb import currently work series measure far encourage foreign investment boost export outside oil sector. The direction Suharto take affect Indonesia's ability raise loan future Western banker say. So despite package economic measure past nine month touch key monopoly link business control either associate diplomat banker say. Diplomats investor look action monopoly loss-making sector sign Suharto serious tackle country's problems. REUTER 