The World Bank suggest India move economy gradually remove government control industry adopt liberal external trade policy reduce level protection. A confidential "executive summary" draft Bank report Indian economy available Reuters. It suggests liberalisation package reform boost export Indian good make competitive. The summary "These reform result (domestic) price line price true great degree import competition export rivalry nation seen." The summary foreign trade play key role India's transition towards dynamic economy. Liberal import capital good modernise economy expose Indian producer foreign competition. Larger export provide foreign exchange imports. "The main guideline unambiguously abandon principle unlimited protection indigenously available product recognise role actual potential competition import source discipline price cost private sector domestic manufacturers" summary said. An Indian official told Reuters government discuss report Bank. A final report change likely ready May decline far details. The Bank industrialise nation discus Bank's final report meeting Paris June 22 23 discus aid India 1987/88 start June. The summary India's gross domestic product (gdp) grow average five pct Indian fiscal 1985/86 1986/87 end March. It investment sustain nearly 25 pct gdp. Almost 94 pct investment finance saving mainly private sector. India's trade deficit officially narrow 5.6 billion dlrs 1986/87 end March record 6.96 billion dlrs 1985/86. The current account deficit fell 2.4 billion dlrs 1986/87 2.88 billion 1985/86. But summary improvement largely due low price crude oil petroleum product fertiliser bulk India's import bill. India able save 2.6 billion dlrs foreign exchange 1986/87 due low price product summary said. The Bank's summary little complacency balance payment position. It despite low trade deficit 1986/87 Indian foreign exchange reserve fell 240 mln dlrs. Real export growth average 6.1 pct value term come maintain viable balance payment summary said. It explicitly suggest rupee devalued. India "might reaffirm commitment export undertaking dramatic change incentive involve political costs" said. "An example policy adoption exchange rate regime maintain exporters' profitability" summary said. It approach successful country South Korea Colombia Turkey. It maintain competitiveness Indian export simultaneously reduce import pressures. Earlier Indian government deny World Bank devalue Indian rupee boost exports. REUTER 