U.S. money supply growth slow rapidly economist believe Federal Reserve's main monetary aggregate contract February. A contraction unlikely major concern Fed especially follow period torrid growth central bank extra leeway week ahead decide relaxation monetary policy justified account weakness economy. M-1 money supply week end February 23 report rise 1.9 billion dlrs 738.5 billion preliminary forecast call drop week billion dlrs. The monthly average January 737.1 billion dlrs. M-1 make quarter M-2 fifth M-3. With component M-2 money-market deposit account deposit fall stage fall broader aggregate economist say. M-1 largely discredit traditional link economic growth disintegrate impact fall rate banking deregulation. But consistent behavior aggregate likely impress Fed Ward McCarthy Merrill Lynch Economics Inc. "The Fed confidence aggregate they're send signal. This raise eyebrow Fed" McCarthy said. Stephen Slifer Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc add "We good-looking monetary aggregate data. It's come lot weaker I thought." The economist quick caution month's data prove especially money growth previously rapid. M-1 52 week grown 16.7 pct rate 19.1 pct rate past 13 weeks. Moreover contraction M-2 probably explain shift fund saving vehicle boom stock market indication slowdown expansion. But data raise tantalize possibility bond market slowdown money growth partly reflection weaker economy need Fed stimulus. McCarthy note slow money growth coincides sign economy lose momentum quarter progresses. "Some economic indicator rosy month ago" noted. He expect five six pct M-1 growth March rise M-2 M-3 pct. Slifer see strong growth 10 pct M-1 five pct M-2 M-3 rate moderate encourage Fed ease policy gross product quarter prove weak. "You'd certainly inclined ease past." There certainly Fed's late balance sheet suggest change policy already economist said. Discount window borrowing line expectation 233 mln dlrs day. Robert Brusca Nikko Securities Co International Inc argue easy Fed policy unlikely solve America's urgent economic massive trade deficit. Because possibility far dollar depreciation - rise inflation - need close trade gap Brusca "I'm prepared optimistic bond market." Reuter 