The government's move pare huge financing cost shorten debt maturity left borrower spark lively market treasury bill senior market analyst said. The Bank Canada Ottawa's fiscal agent marketplace reveal week sharply reduce borrowing need allow shift shorter bond term heavier emphasis weekly treasury bill auction issue term year. "The aggressive treasury bill meant government able maintain low cash balance low financing costs" Bank Canada 1986 annual report release week. The government budget deficit financing requirement fall 24 billion dlrs fiscal end March 31 1987 30 billion dlrs prior year. Projected fiscal 1988 requirement 21.3 billion dlrs. The bank year's 19 government bond issue nearly two-thirds maturity 10 years. Greater bond auction market issue term two- five-year range. Meanwhile treasury bill outstanding total nearly 70 billion dlrs increase 10.3 billion dlrs 20 billion dlrs 1984. Although amount money save move bond disclose bond expert believe considerable low premium paid short term debt. But market watcher unsure affect move Japanese investors--who snap Canadian bond record clip--because traditional preference term financings. Bond trader Japanese purchase record 9.5 billion dlrs Canadian bond adapt change buying longer term provincial issue shift medium term issue offer Ottawa. "Their (Japanese) buying course six month concentrate medium term maturities" note Canadian bond trader identified. Yet concern shortage eventually develop bond mature 10 years. Said David Gluskin vice-president Nesbitt Thomson Bongard Inc "When rate finally seem stop flood try lock everyone able door." But bond analyst moment rate trend investor appear welcome change especially great treasury bill financing. "The wholesale market treasury bill active" Michael Berry vice-president security firm Walwyn Stodgell Cohran Murray Ltd. The change improves receptivity market borrower include provincial government utility corporations. "There doesn't seem lack bond longer result percieved shortage probably take provincial funding activities" comment Berry. Reuter 