World Bank President Barber Conable expect press Indonesia Third World's sixth large debtor maintain momentum economic policy change tackle slump oil revenue western diplomat said. Conable flew Indonesia yesterday Tokyo meet President Suharto senior economic ministers. He arrival economy South-East Asia's large nation manage slump oil price call major policy adjustments. Today World Bank chief visit Bank-funded project eastern section Java Indonesia's populous island. He Suharto Tuesday detailed discussion minister tomorrow. Indonesia Asian member OPEC severely hit year's crash oil price cut oil gas revenue half. Japan's Export-Import Bank month agree provide 900 mln dlrs untied credit Indonesia pay share 21 World Bank development projects. Indonesia country 168 mln respond oil slump cut spending devalue currency 31 pct try boost export use foreign loan bridge deficit. Diplomats Conable expect press Suharto lead economic minister maintain pace policy change particularly dismantle Indonesia's high-cost protect economy. "Oil price debt crisis recession call major policy adjustment external support" Conable arrival statement. But Indonesia face parliamentary election month likely avoid anything imply Bank demand specific changes. "We believe wise leadership economy managed" Conable told reporter Jakarta airport. Indonesia official private overseas debt total 37 billion dlrs accord Bank make Third World's sixth big debtor. It receive 10.7 billion dlrs World Bank 1968. Conable spell far change see. Last month Bank endorse economic change already introduce Indonesia imply want more. Giving 300 mln dlr loan balance payment support Bank monitor progress implementation government's trade reform measure support determination promote efficiency longer-term growth. Indonesia introduce series measure May boost non-oil export liberalise trade encourage outside investment. Suharto order government committee look Indonesia's 215 state-run company sold. But report month U.S. Embassy government appear divide reforms. Western analyst particular government unsure dismantle Indonesia's high-cost monopoly control core area economy. Central bank governor Arifin Siregar week Indonesia face limited economic choices. It spend trouble increase balance payment deficit domestic inflation. He main objective raise export outside oil natural gas sector. Indonesia's current account deficit project government fall 2.64 billion dlrs come financial start April 1 estimate 4.1 billion 1986/87. REUTER 