Petroleum future rally market expect decline domestic supply become far unsettled escalate Mideast fighting. Crude oil gasoline heating oil post gain New York Mercantile Exchange crude oil price match life-of-contract highs. Crude delivery May close 17 cent high 18.84 dlrs barrel. "Crude future jump above 19 dlrs barrel remain product strong" Robert Murphy account executive E.F. Hutton said. Traders price support anticipation American Petroleum Institute report decline domestic inventory petroleum product weekly report. Traders price support escalation Iran-Iraq Iranians reportedly launch offensive Iraqi position Iraq attack offshore oil field oil export depot. Buying speculator continued prompt gain gold silver future Commodity Exchange New York. Gold price retreat midday rally close support silver market approach two-year high trader said. Soybean future post strong gain Chicago Board Trade corn wheat mostly higher. Traders cash sale slow country soybean harvest Brazil delayed rain limit supplies. In addition Agriculture Department week project substantial drop soybean acreage year. Monday's report USDA inspect 46 mln bushel corn export week unexpectedly couple lack farm sale provide support corn market trader said. Live hog frozen pork belly rally Chicago Mercantile Exchange cattle end lower. Live hog push ahead lack supply farmer turn attention spring plant marketing livestock trader note cash sale lighter expect week. The lack marketing support pork belly price drift low moderate loss nearby month speculator sell contract profit trader said. Cattle price close low continued show strength related tight supplies. Prices push ahead contract high extend gain past three-year peak Monday tight supply force meat packer bid aggressively available animals. However trader sell contract profit extend rally see April delivery contract soar 69.90 cent pound 56 cent pound start year. New York coffee future close high trade talk Brazil aggressive seller near term analyst said. Reuter 