Takeover speculation buoyed Wendy's International Inc's stock Coca Cola Co fizz market rumor deny interested suitor. Wendy's retreat earlier 13-3/8 lose Coca Cola KO> rumor untrue. However Wendy's remain 5/8 12-3/8 volume mln shares. Several analyst skeptical rumor yet conclude takeover fast food restaurant chain impossible. Wendy's decline comment takeover rumor kinds. Yet Wendy's spokesman company aware Business Week article name Coke potential suitor market source help ignite rumor mill. Market source mention Anheuser-Busch Inc BUD> Pepsico Inc PEP> alternative Coke acquirers. Neither company comment nor Wendy's official. "It doesn't happen week month unusual link companies" Denny Lynch Wendy's vice president communications. However Lynch comment specifically current market rumors. Even Coke deny rumor analyst skeptical takeover Atlanta-based Coke state view fast food chain customer competitor them. "I can't name it" Kidder peabody analyst Jay Freedman vaguer rumor continued hold Wendy's stock. "It someone's interested." But Freedman doesn't believe Wendy's sold. "They're obviously have operational difficulties. I've believe price Wendy's consider (an offer) I can't believe price time" Freedman said. "If transaction take buyer's control situation" Freedman said. "I don't there's anything on. I don't it's worth is" Joseph Doyle Smith Barney. Analysts Wendy's suffer largely "burger wars" McDonald's Corp MCD> Pillsbury Co's PSY> Burger King chain. Wendy's third large fast food hamburger chain U.S. lose 11 pct store sale analyst said. Wendy's fumble introduce high-priced breakfast withdrawn analyst said. Some analyst company bring product soon predict significant turnaround. There analyst believe Wendy's vulnerable takeover. James Murren C.J. Lawrence Wendy's worth 14 15 dlrs break-up basis. He company improve debt-to-equity ratio Wendy's own percent restaurant - 38 pct 3500. "They attractive leasehold restaurants" Murren said. Murren despite downturn sale Wendy's real sale store store upwards fourth quarter. "That seven quarters" said. Caroline Levy E.F. Hutton believe Wendy's. "My gut feel something's happen. I don't what" said. She estimate takeover price 15 dlrs share. One analyst speculate Coke become rumor suitor Wendy's decide sell Coke fountain instead Pepsi. Wendy's currently embroil litigation brought Pepsi hold contract company analyst said. Pepsi's soda sell Wendy's restaurants. Reuter 