U.S. crude oil price high level ahead week's OPEC meeting industry analyst expect policy change session. They price steadily climbed organization's accord December risen technical factor market concern supply Iran-Iraq disrupt delivery Gulf. The U.S. benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate trading 20.55 dlrs July contract New York Mercantile Exchange's energy future spot market. That high level January 1986. OPEC conference president Rilwanu Lukman Nigeria's oil minister Friday expect meeting Vienna brief calm OPEC's current price production agreement slight review. Although industry expert expect reaffirmation December agreement oil price continue climb due desire hedge position surprises. Analysts expect high price continue soon OPEC meeting. At bar increase tension Gulf change OPEC's policy price begin easing. "OPEC probably anything hasn't already agree December oil price firm" John Hill vice president Merrill Lynch Futures. OPEC agree December maintain official oil price 18 dlrs barrel raise group's production ceiling 16.6 mln barrel third quarter 18.3 mln barrel fourth quarter. This agreement help send price sharply high rise 15 dlrs barrel December. Several OPEC price hawk include Iran Algeria Libya seek high official price reduction output. "And U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude continue trade above 20 dlrs barrel great chance OPEC raise official 18 dlrs price" Nauman Barakat analyst Smith Barney Harris Upham Co. But analyst expect moderate producer Saudi Arabia block change policy. "The meeting non-event change official price OPEC particular Saudis commit stabilize market" Rosario Ilacqua analyst L.F. Rothschild. However analyst OPEC hold meeting September re-evaluate market conditions. Overproduction OPEC real fourth quarter quota raise 18.3 mln barrel Iraq's pipeline Turkey brings 500000 barrel market John Lichtblau president Petroleum Industry Ressearch Foundation. Most expect Saudi Arabia oppose price increase meeting look increase year-end 20 dlrs offset decline dollar. Oil price denominate throughout dollar currency decline producer receive money oil. "The real production restraint OPEC Saudi Arabia" Sanford Margoshes analyst Shearson Lehman Brothers. "In half expect Saudis produce 4.1 mln barrel quota therefore act vehicle stablize market pave dlrs barrel price increase December 1987 meeting" said. One uncertain factor course Iran-Iraq war. "The wild card increase tension Persian Gulf" Frank Knuettel analyst Prudential-Bache Securites. Oil tanker take oil Iraq Kuwait regular target Iranian planes. The Reagan administration planning Kuwait tanker protection U.S. flag naval escorts. "Extra (oil) inventory need crisis nervousness incident disrupt oil supply drive price up" Knuettel said. Reuter 