U.K. Interest rate look move low Monday's half-point cut bank base rate 10-1/2 pct analyst cite evidence suspension British National Savings issue yesterday. The Department National Savings effectively Treasury Department unit yesterday suspend 32nd issue launch October pay tax-free 8-3/4 pct five-year private investment 25 5000 stg. A spokesman suspension reaction yield saving bond line rest market. The move follow surprise sell-out minute Bank England one-billion stg tap issue issue week analyst noted. They near-instant sale entire gilt issue Bank England require 40 pct downpayment clear evidence market rate drop sooner later. The sale tranche 8-3/4 pct treasury bond due 1997 occur active bullish gilt market downward pressure money market rate remain intact bellwether three-month interbank rate 1/8 10-9-7/8 pct. It coincide strong sterling rally push pound four-year high dollar. "That government stock disappear quickly indeed" Stephen Lewis economic research stockbroker Phillips Drew; "It indication market believe rate fall far ... At half-point immediately budget (on March 17) hope more." Stockbrokers James Capel comment move National Savings Department "of considerable significance." It "the real message ... Is deck quickly clear facilitate speedy decision building society cut rate inevitable cut bank base rate 10 pct materialises." Building society drop bank base rate normally exceed half rise reduction mortgage lending rates. Lewis Phillips Drew believe National Savings issue suspension reflect U.K. Treasury policy building society towards mortgage rate cut. "National Savings compete effectively building society late. Building society income depressed recent months" said. He analyst Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson keen mortgage rate fall keep lid U.K. Inflation. Underlying upward pressure price strong Britain Western economy inflation see rise above pct above five pct 1988 year's 3.7 pct. Emphasising impact mortgage rate consumer price Lewis one-point cut building society rate reduce inflation Britain 0.4 pct. But Lewis note building society complain government intense competition National Savings argue reduce scope mortgage rate cuts. "The Chancellor worried lose PSBR funding National Savings take building societies' criticism heart. It look National Savings move reflect this" senior dealer said. A Savings Department spokesman refuse comment interpretation say suspension issue merely reaction recent fall U.K. Interest rate push yield saving bond line rest market. "We politically motivate ... Funding become expensive don't money" told Reuters add department suspend issue twice past offer rate above below market rates. He demand issue risen sharply late U.K. Money market rate continued steady decline income threaten overshoot unofficial billion stg target fiscal 1986 end March 31. In 10 month fiscal 1986 National Saving's contribution government funding total 2.72 billion stg compare 2.01 billion stg period previous official figure show. Figures February Monday expect show far increase 300 400 mln stg push total 11 month above target government official said. REUTER 