Hong Kong's government kept intervention economy minimum belief come businessmen generally best. But government slowly force active economic role partly challenge fast grow economy South Korea Taiwan economic powerhouse Japan businessmen said. The government announce month spend six mln H.K. Dlrs encourage electronics firm send engineer training overseas. The engineer learn design application specific integrate circuit (ASIC) product range personal computer high-technology toy talk. The government fund vocational training aim bring advanced technology overseas. Government official told Reuters area electronics sector consider similar treatment. Hong Kong's key electronics industry account export 61 billion H.K. Dlrs total include sale electrical machinery items. Officials key sector textile term export need technology already available neighbour economy compete. "Belatedly realize technology can't taught here" K.Y. Yeung Director Industry. A study U.S. Research firm Dataquest Inc show Hong Kong's share U.S. Consumer electronic import fall 3.5 pct 1985 6.4 pct 1983. South Korea Taiwan Japan active role guide economic development policy maker worried assistance -- albeit limited -- needed. "This perceive development Hong Kong" Lawrence Mills director-general Federation Hong Kong Industries. "Many industrialist government actively concerned area." Hong Kong like call policy "positive non-intervention" meaning help industry mainly maintain economic stability ensure need road harbour facility place. It offer special tax incentive foreign investor believe low corporate profit tax 18 pct personal income tax 16.5 pct sufficient. But government force gradually active role economy. In step aid seven bank take protect depositor whose fund insured. It expand power banking security commission police key economic sectors. Industry official manufacturer acquire expensive technology especially return investment away. "This start technology readily available" engineer major U.S. Electronics firm Hong Kong. Texas Instruments Inc TXN> Motorola Inc MOT> U.S. And Japan's Toshiba Corp TSBA.T> already conduct ASIC design Hong Kong handful firm commit fund capital-intensive production. Under industry department company fund train engineer overseas employee require apply skill locally yet unspecified period. "We promote ASIC design eventually production Hong Kong" Yeung Industry Department. Some industrialist training keep electronics manufacturer competitive ahead. Government official manufacturer industry scale employ few 100 people. These firm able afford expensive technology development program industry official said. The raise concern government veer policy minimal intervention. "They've reach decision" Mills Federation Industries. "But fear (among firms) slippery slope towards interference." REUTER 