The supercomputer industry get crowd handful startup company huge Japanese manufacturer compete apply label "world's fast machine" products. Currently 250 supercomputer instal believe situation change dramatically highly specialized extremely expensive machine move research laboratory found commerical applications. "It commercial supercomputing... hold promise industry's handful vendors" Gary Smaby supercomputer analyst Piper Jaffray Hopwood. These commercial application propel annual sale supercomputer 850 mln dlrs 1986 2.4 billion 1990. For company Cray Research Inc CYR> Control Data Corp CDA> virtually option customer seek buy supercomputers. But company announce supercomputer use innovative technology industry finally expand hold World Supercomputer Exhibition Santa Clara month. Also month company ETA Systems Inc (a subsidiary Control Data) Thinking Machines Corp laid claim have world's fast computer joint venture Honeywell Inc HON> Japan's NEC Corp NIPN.T> Honeywell-NEC Supercomputers Inc announce entrance U.S. market. All aim industry leader Cray Research Inc hold 60 pct market. This week Cray plan joint announcement Digital Equipment Corp DEC> already world's large minicomputer maker product companies' computer expand market opportunity super mini further. Supercomputers initially design complex application predict worldwide weather pattern fusion energy research military defense weapon design. They built speed standard function payroll processing. The fast supercomputer perform billion calculation great combine 100000 personal computers. They carry stratospheric price tag mln 20 mln dlrs Cray's revenue reach 600 mln dlrs ship 36 10 supercomputer level spell starvation standard computer company. But speaker supercomputer exhibition emphasize host application increase total industry shipment 150 system decade. Most commercial customer supercomputer machine simulate physical process flow air aircraft wing design test work. But financial institution particularly Wall Street brokerage house consider major buyer supercomputer try recognize change stock trading pattern faster competitors. Two firm Goldman Sachs Co Morgan Stanley Co use superminicomputers hybrid machine faster minicomputer cheaper super create financial model stock bond markets. Analysts matter actual supercomputer found Wall Street. One reason shift commercial application supercomputer come price technology provide great speed low cost Cray Control Data behemoths. Both ETA Thinking Machines Systems technology call parallel processing internal processor together solve problem. With system broken segment assign processors. By contrast standard computer solve instruction sequentially. The ETA ETA 10 eventually eight parallel processor capable processing 8.32 billion operation second. However ETA 10 instal Florida State University processor expand four. ETA president Lloyd Thorndyke ETA 10 represent drastic change architecture parent company Control Data's Cyber system. Priced 5.5 mln 22 mln dlrs ETA 10 contains 240 chip processing unit built onto board size standard newspaper section. Each board contains equivalent 1.5 mile embed wiring. It ETA 3-1/2 develop supercomputer Thorndyke expect faster development frame futre ETA competitors. "We're leapfrog leap" said. Thinking Machines claim world's fast computer way true. Its Connection Machine Model CM-2 process 2.5 billion instruction specialized architecture meant specific applications. The mln five mln dlr Connection Machine us technology call "massive parallism." It contains 64000 processor crammed five foot cube. The processor break minute bits. It ideal tool application unpredicatble variable accord Brian Boyle analyst Novon Research Group. "The unpredictable Thinking Machine appropriate" said. Reuter 