Singapore's Finance Minister Richard Hu expect announce neutral budget tomorrow major tax change 1987/88 start April 1 banker economist told Reuters. They real growth estimate 1.9 pct calendar 1986 indicate sign recovery 1.7 pct shrinkage 1985 government likely hold course wait measure introduce year's budget work. Last March Hu cut corporation tax 33 pct 40 pct income tax reduce margin. Last government reduce wage cost introduce wage freeze cut employer contribution mandatory saving scheme Central Provident Fund (CPF) 15 pct salary 25 pct. "I don't foresee additional stimulus economy improving" Clemente Escano vice president Union Bank Switzerland. The government's economic report calendar 1986 issue week CPF reduction cost-cutting measure start bite third quarter 1986. But report half economy -- especially commerce financial service sector -- continued depressed weakness surround regional economy excess domestic property. The source fragility economic recovery suggest government introduce plan consumption tax come financial year. In year's budget Hu plan collect machinery tax. Economists campaign smoking opportunity levy tax tobacco step towards wider use. The source government look likely raise revenue year's budget. Last year's budget project 3.22 billion dlr budget deficit fiscal 1986/87 economic report project overall calendar 1986 surplus billion. Lower tax revenue balance rise investment income stringent control government operating expenditure help wage-freeze policy. Anthony K.P. Lee vice-president deputy manager American Express Bank Ltd expect excite year's budget. Lee "It probably non-event tax benefit year. The economy already start move government support." Last week's economic report attribute pct decline domestic demand mainly sharp decline private construction sector hope relief budget economist said. The economic report sector's activity decline 25.3 pct calendar 1986 13.9 pct contraction 1985. A far decline expect 1987. But year's budget 30 pct rebate tax industrial commercial property raise 50 pct 1988 Hu likely add incentive create property investment unit trusts. The measure know tomorrow's budget incentive encourage population growth include incentive family children. Deputy Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong already announce government try encourage three-child family instead two-child family encourages now. REUTER 