Brazil's economic crisis force wholesale re-examination establish strategy deal developing-country debt lead banker say. While finance minister Dilson Funaro unlikely succeed attempt seek outright political solution debt Brazil's suspension payment 68 billion dlrs commercial bank debt convince banker idea needed. "The look alternatives" season debt rescheduler said. Even Brazil's move difficulty syndicate 77 billion dlr financing package Mexico agree principle October prompt top banker examine manage debt crisis. Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker spoke recently "debt fatigue" breathe debt reschedule procedures. There already sign change. Japanese bank set jointly own firm transfer LDC loan bid strengthen balance sheet improve financial management tax breaks. But banker move great governmental role gradual. "The process cannot expect tangible progress short period time" banker said. Certainly Funaro frosty reception Washington European capital past week call government official explain Brazil's crusade political dialogue debt. Assistant U.S. Treasury Secretary David Mulford instance criticize call large-scale solution debt forgiveness creation multilateral lending agencies. "While approach political appeal impractical ultimately counterproductive" Mulford told House subcommittee week. He add proposal construe bail-out U.S. bank non-starter Congress. But banker Reagan Administration promote accounting regulatory change foster debt-equity swap debt securitization enable bank consider capitalization alternative loans. Experts government easy bank gradually write third-world loan books. Mulford Congressional testsimony urge bank explore options. "The bank encourage look so-called menu approach" said. Bankers aim keep loan syndicate intact conversely allow bank write exposure detrimental major lenders. Big bank unfair creditor continue receive debt contribute loans. In effect bank make loan fund payment debt. To solve - streamline cumbersome negotiate process - Argentina revive idea "exit bonds" issue discount creditor exchange exist debt banker said. The bank rid loan recognize loss. Amid swirl idea role commercial bank advisory committee scrutiny. The principle consensus panel operate challenged recently Citibank - ironically original architect committee - stubbornly refuse endorse financing offer Philippines Chile. The strain go unnoticed Washington. "There seem lot speculation frailty bank advisory committees" U.S. official said. Brazil's Funaro heavily criticize panel London Monday charge unresponsive idea U.S. bank over-represented them. Hannes Androsch chairman Austria's Creditanstalt-Bankverein truth charge. "Sentiment grow Europe we're longer prepared bail U.S. banks" told reporter New York week. While U.S. banker obviously differently start wonder whether advisory committee tool job. "The debt crisis probably evolve beyond capacity commercial bank alone cases" top New York rescheduler said. But government unable unwilling play large role banker alternative advisory committee. "It's bad form government apart others" banker paraphrase former British prime minister Winston Churchill's opinion democracy. Reuter 