Poland say U.S. Sanctions cost economy 15 billion dlrs clear want Washington lead repair damage lift remain restriction week ago. Polish official unable provide precise breakdown figure say take account hypothetical losses. Some "too sophisticated convert financial terms" banking source said. But Western economic expert effect sanction impossible calculate. They blur poor performance Poland's economy dismiss 15 billion dlr figure illusory. "Sanctions provide useful excuse under- achieving. They bad effect yes contribute largely internal economic problems" said. The U.S. Imposed measure withdrew Most Favoured Nation (MFN) trading status Poland 1982 retaliation suppression Solidarity free trade union martial law. The estimate cost Polish economy originally devise ago Institute National Economy offshoot central planning commission. According Western envoy expert Polish economic affair extrapolate 1979 information growth trend trade United States increase credit Western commercial government lenders. But calculation base trade boom credit flow freely dismiss estimate "a theoretical projection base real scientific evaluation." A foreign trade ministry official Polish export U.S. In late 1970s average 400 mln dlrs annually fall half sanction imposed. Imports suffer slump 800 mln dlrs 200 mln credit ran out. Poland dwindle trade surplus West. Last billion dlrs target 1.6 billion official figure show. Acknowledging sanction lose Poland U.S. Markets -- include agricultural equipment textile chemical foodstuff -- Western economist credit dry economic political reasons. "Poland accuse West let economic relation deteriorate political reasons" expert. "It's illusion base misunderstand Western economy." "There's limit give someone hope repay it" add Poland benefit global phenomenon easy credit 1970s longer today's reality. Describing 15 billion dlr assessment "nebulous" diplomat include loss hypothetical order setback Polish research curb scientific link exchanges. Western official lift sanction MFN status little impact Poland hard currency debt 33.5 billion dlrs lack mean modernise industry. "MFN doesn't really mean anything Poland treat bad countries. It difficult regain access U.S. Market force play now" Western envoy. He Polish product competitive quality low. Trade war protectionist measure amongst U.S. Japan Europe hamper Poland's effort regain entry. Deputy foreign trade minister Janusz Kaczurba recognise recently. Kaczurba told official PAP news agency recently "Making lose position uncommonly difficult case impossible... In period increase level export 100 mln dlrs." While Poland unlikely seek compensation say "moral right" assistance U.S. Which say impose sanction illegally. But Western economist "The argument U.S. Sanctions unilateral torpedo Polish economy won't cut ice. The Americans reply Poles act immorally crush Solidarity." Nevertheless Polish National Bank Wladyslaw Baka talk Washington week International Monetary Fund (IMF) World Bank clear Poland look lead United States. He quote PAP say Poland meet financial obligation United States "but short cooperative stand foreign economic partners." He stress U.S. "had particular opportunity play cooperative policy Poland's partner interested settlement Polish debt." Putting sharply senior banking official blame Washington obstruct talk World Bank IMF Paris Club Western creditor government recent play positive role. "As major superpower United States influence international organisations" cite recent meeting aim stabilise currency example extent Western nation prepared cooperate. REUTER 