The ruling Liberal Democratic Party's (LDP) setback Sunday's nationwide local election force government controversial proposal five pct sale tax undermine commitment stimulate economy private economist said. The LDP's failure win seat crucial local constituency weaken government's ability push tax plan compromise tax proposal budget fiscal 1987/88 end March 31 unlikely pass soon said. Without budget government hard-pressed effective package stimulate economy pledge Group Seven meeting Paris late February Washington week said. Opposition protest sale tax stall parliamentary debate budget week force government enact stop-gap 1987/88 budget month. "The LDP's election setback enormous impact already falter economy" Johsen Takahashi chief economist Mitsubishi Research Institute. Takahashi behind LDP's poor show discontent government's high-handed push tax reform lack effective policy cope economic woe cause yen's appreciation. "This explains LDP fail regain governorship hotly contest constituency Fukuoka Hokkaido shipbuilding steel industry suffer heavily yen's extend rise" said. Takahashi government delay introduction sale tax beyond original start date January 1988 implement tax cut now. Sumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist Masahiko Koido favour water propose sale tax suggest government boost work spending modify tight fiscal policies. "The local election result signal economy need government action clear-cut fiscal measures" add move economy Japan's. For five government stuck tight fiscal policy bid halt issue deficit financing bond fiscal 1990/91 economist said. If LDP election setback lead scale sale tax proposal government revenue source finance plan tax cut package measure stimulate economy economist said. Koido government raise additional revenue sell share corporation Nippon Telegraph Telephone Corp. But issue additional bond ensure stable source fund said. "It run counter avow policy balance budget short-term basis" said. Takahashi Mitsubishi Research agree government float bond raise fund need economic expansion. He additional government borrowing burden capital market amass huge excess fund government bond price risen record level lately. "The market wait government bond issues" said. REUTER 