The drastic cutback U.S. drilling rapidly deflate United State's natural gas bubble bring spot shortage gas supply winter modest recovery oilpatch industry analyst said. Faltering deliverability natural gas commodity difficult costly import quantity double current U.S. rig count near 2000 1990 analyst said. The lock future supply gas utility industrial customer bring resurgence activity Gulf Mexico's offshore water nation's large gas reserve located. "We upturn U.S. drilling imminent" James Crandall analyst Salomon Brothers Inc. "Many company appear switch oil gas drilling they're bet gas market balance two." The prospect diminish gas supply welcome news drilling oilfield service company barely survive year's plunge oil price 30 dlrs barrel half that. Today's relatively stable oil price 18 dlrs barrel spur return heady day 1981 U.S. drilling rig count soar record 4500 oilfield roustabout command premium wages. The late weekly Hughes Tool Co HT> rig count barometer oil industry's health show 761 U.S. rig active traditionally slowest year. In 1986 Hughes rig count 1915 dive post-World War II low 663 July oil price experienced sharpest decline recent times. Ike Kerridge Hughes economist "In 1986 United States replace 40 pct gas replacement rate won't year." He add "We don't option oil. Imports gas Canada limited pipeline capacity import liquefy natural gas ship feasible 10 cost." Only 6 trillion cubic foot additional gas reserve discover U.S. consumption approach 16 trillion cubic foot accord industry estimates. George Gaspar oil analyst Robert W. Baird Co agree gas supply stage cycle gradual increase U.S. drilling. "We anticipate natural gas pipeline dedicate system gas reserve 1989 1990 supplies. That mean drilling program begin mid-1988" Gaspar said. Gasper see drilling cycle emerge 1992 expect average rig count peak near 2000 December 1989. Much search gas reserve likely conduct offshore water Gulf Mexico federal lease unexplored area revert government unless drilling begin years. Some industry's big company Exxon Corp XON> Mobil Corp MOB Union Texas Petroleum already indicate plan increase spending drilling Gulf Mexico Crandall said. For example Conoco Inc Dupont DD> subsidiary spend 400 mln dlrs build Gulf Mexico's deepest production platform produce 50 mln cubic foot gas day. But T. Boone Pickens acquire huge Texas Kansas gas reserve Mesa Limited Partnership MLP> recent month convince drilling industry verge recovery. Pickens predicts U.S. rig count soon drop below 600 increase significantly oil price do. "The rig won't price oil get above 30 dlrs barrel" Pickens 58 add expect rig count top 2000 lifetime. Tenneco Inc TGT> large U.S. gas producer skeptical additional gas drilling exists. Tenneco vice president Joe Foster expect significant increase drilling gas 1990s U.S. gas reserve decline seven years' supply. Current spot market price 1.50 dlrs thousand cubic foot rise dlrs spur reserve replacement said. Reuter 