Singapore's government security market perform volume term launch May 7 constraint far growth banker dealer said. Lawrence Yeo director security trading distribution Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Ltd told Reuters shortage non-professional corporate institutional private investor trading fix income security especially term funds. The market trade treasury bill bonds. Available liquid fund move traditional investment share price rise return low fix income security Yeo said. He lack market information investment education potential investor limit factors. Referring securitisation corporate debt "If save traditional bank loan offering investor prefer loan require disclosure information." William K.K. Wong manage director Indosuez Asia (Singapore) Ltd institutional investor focus equity market bonds. Bankers analyst market pave development corporate bond issues. The banker development active fix income security market encourage private company issue debt instruments. They hop risk-free government bond yield curve provide benchmark corporate bond debt instruments. Economists banker recent share offer Sembawang Maritime Ltd oversubscribed 92.3 time rake record 6.80 billion dlrs show flow liquidity share market. The previous record 1.96 billion dlrs April Avimo Singapore Ltd. Wong total average daily turnover government security market fall sharply due share issues. He seven active participant mainly banks. Other financial institution sideline security market concept new. Wong recent revision minimum liquid asset ratio 18 pct allows bank restructure liquid asset inject term fund security market. One primary dealer United Overseas Bank Ltd average daily turnover 100 mln dlrs rise 300 mln active option day deputy manager Ho Kian Fah told Reuters. Ho major participant besides primary register dealer mainly U.S. And U.K. Banks show willingness quote prices. Loh Hoon Sun manager Overseas Union Bank Ltd forsees active trading bidding offering pre-issued business. Loh estimate OUB's average turnover 50 mln 100 mln dlrs active days. Dealers significant factor t-bill money market rate yield gap narrow make rate bill competitive money market. Tan Mong Tong executive director National Discount Co Ltd told reporter security market enable bank statutory body insurance company manage fund flexibly. The Monetary Authority Singapore (MAS) plan issue eight 10.5 billion dlrs taxable instrument gross issue 35 billion dlrs five years. The issue 300 mln dlrs worth T-bills MAS 1.9 time subscribed issue 500 mln dlrs worth five-year bond time oversubscribed. The recent issue 300 mln dlrs two-year bond receive 1.17 billion dlrs applications. The security market operate MAS electronic book entry provide investment outlet intend develop Singapore's capital market banker said. But market term success expansion depend MAS primary register dealer stimulate activity banker analyst said. They necessary promote liquidity investor negotiate frequently tend hold investments. They advocate establishment market maker association investor understand market instrument lack speculative activity limit market turnover supply. REUTER 