Congressional ire rise multinational development bank loan country produce good direct competition beleagured U.S. farmer miners. With record U.S. trade deficit 169 billion dlrs farm economy doldrums Congress press hold U.S. fund World Bank development bank money subsidize production produce good already oversupply world. "American tax dollar subsidize foreign agriculture mineral production direct competition producers" Senator Don Nickles Oklahoma Republican letter fellow senator seek support legislation limit loans. Nickles Senator Steven Symms conservative Republican Idaho introduce legislation strictly limit U.S. funding multinational development bank loan develop country produce surplus commodity minerals. Current law require United States vote loan carry reprisal ultimately approve banks. Treasury Secretary James Baker's assurance U.S. policy oppose loan satisfy concern raise Senate committee hearing week. Baker told Senate Appropriations subcommittee Foreign Operations "As policy matter oppose loan production commodity oversupply." The senator cite 350-mln-dlr World Bank loan Argentina increase agricultural export billion dlrs 1989. Nickles Symms cite loan 1985 World Bank loan Hungary expand livestock export 500 mln dlrs lent Thailand 1981 1985 low rate agriculture. Last Republican-controlled Senate vote time objection administration cut U.S. funding development bank amount loans. But 65 15 vote favour proposal restriction weaken final version. Only provision direct U.S. official vote disapproval clear Congress. This year's version call Foreign Agricultural Investment Reform (FAIR) Act require U.S. vote loan design increase production surplus commodity minerals. Also recipient country prove production marketing export commodity handle government subsidy. If loan approve U.S. objection United States increase replenish fund institution agrees stop make loans. Objections loan raise conservative Republicans traditionally oppose U.S. funding international development banks. But loss job foreign competition raise similar concern moderate senators. The administration opposes legislation tie hand vote loans. It argues instance country need money continue move U.S. policy areas. Baker United States continue leverage bank require foreign trade liberalization measure form elimination subsidies. Two House Republicans Representatives Larry Craig Idaho Beau Bolter Texas introduce bill. But face stiff opposition House Banking Committee block consideration House past. Symms intend offer bill amendment related legislation aide said. Reuter 