Economists doubt Federal Reserve firm policy aid dollar despite high discount window borrowing late two-week statement period heavy borrowing Wednesday. Data show net borrowing Fed average 393 mln dlrs week Wednesday 265 mln dlrs prior statement period. Wednesday borrowing 1.4 billion dlrs Federal fund average 6.45 pct. "One Fed firm probably isn't" William Sullivan Dean Witter Reynolds. Sullivan assume Fed firm policy modestly support dollar net borrowing two-weeks Wednesday nearly 400 mln dlrs average 250 mln dlrs previous months. However Dean Witter economist note late two-week period include quarter seasonal demand push borrrowings. "Some argue Fed firm policy look try play catchup reserve provision late statement period didn't quite it" Ward McCarthy Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. A Fed spokesman told press press conference Fed net one-day miss billion dlrs reserve projection week end Wednesday. Still McCarthy cumulative miss estimate week cause add few reserve earlier week actually needed. The Fed market reserve management action Thursday Friday day week. It add temporary reserve indirectly Monday via billion dlrs customer repurchase agreement supply reserve directly via System repurchase Tuesday Wednesday. Based Fed data economist calculate two-day System repurchase agreement Fed arrranged Tuesday total 5.9 billion dlrs. They Wednesday's overnight System repos approximately 3.4 billion dlrs. "It quite clear Fed firm policy time" Larry Leuzzi S.G. Warburg Co Inc. Citing view share economist Leuzzi Fed cannot really afford seriously lift rate dollar harm already weak economy United States abroad add financial stress develop country lenders. "Those believe Fed tighten policy late statement period explain act dollar tumbled" McCarthy Merrill Lynch. He dollar stag precipitous drop statement period disappointment yesterday's Washington meeting international monetary official fail produce anything offer substantive dollar aid. In currency dealer Wednesday's G-7 communique alter prevail view yen need rise far redress huge trade imbalance United States Japan. The economist generally agree Fed aim steady policy correspond weekly average Fed fund rate six 6-1/8 pct. This rate November. "I'm sure Fed engineering tighter policy dollar suspect" Sullivan Dean Witter. If Fed probably nudge fund rate goal 6.25 6.35 pct six 6.10 pct previously. Reuter 