Central bank intervention foreign exchange market succeed staunch dollar's loss senior dealer believe U.S. currency head far retreat. Although intervention widespread dealer perceive six major industrial nation differ level commitment recent accord stabilize currencies. Moreover hard economic reality hold great sway currency market central bank intervention argue far dollar decline dealer said. "The market big central banks. And economic fundamental fore" dealer major U.S. bank. As dollar drop post-World War II low yen foreign exchange trader Bank Japan Federal Reserve Board Bank England intervene market behalf U.S. currency. Reports authorities' action help dollar recover 149.45 yen New York afternoon post-war low 148.20 yen Far East. But fail regain Monday's U.S. closing level 150.00/05 yen. Tokyo dealer Bank Japan bought 1.5 billion dlrs Tokyo purchase dollar yesterday U.S. via Federal Reserve. Meanwhile strong rumor New York Fed bought modest amount dollar 148.50 yen today. Talk circulate Bank England purchase amount dollar yen. The Fed's confirm intervention January 28 bought 50 mln dlrs coordination Bank Japan. But March 11 Fed rumor signal displeasure dollar surge above 1.87 marks. The authorities' action appear February 22 Paris pact U.S. Japan West Germany Britain France Canada nation agree cooperate foster exchange rate stability prevail levels. But foreign exchange dealer overly impressed authorities' intervention soften extreme move market. For dealer believe Fed's purchase behalf Bank Japan U.S. central bank's account suggest watered-down American commitment currency accord. The Bank England's action complete behalf Japanese central bank reinforce market's view Japan resolute six nation support currency pact. "No-one doubt Bank Japan serious. But central bank seem make token gesture anything else" Chris Bourdain BankAmerica Corp. "I'm convince intervention concerted" Earl Johnson Harris Trust Savings Bank Chicago. "It's yen anything else." Some dealer rise wave trade protectionist sentiment U.S. limit extent American authority endorse strong dollar yen. "The dollar's break below key 150 yen level tie Treasury's hand behind back. The U.S. cannot intervene account strength protectionism here" Albert Soria Swiss Bank Corp. Such comment reflect view currency market become increasingly politicized. Despite official denial trader feel U.S. countenance low dollar trim nation's trade deficit. The majority 170 billion dlr merchandise trade deficit 1986 Japan. Indeed U.S. Treasury secretary James Baker's comment Sunday February currency pact establish dollar target read market signal sell U.S. currency kick late retreat. "The dollar downside yen base friction trade financial services. The currency market become political" Natsuo Okada Sumitomo Bank Ltd. Okada expect dollar trade 148 150 yen week see chance drop 140 yen April May. Even West Germany Japan succeed stimulate economy solve structural economic imbalance near future dealer said. "Even Japan West Germany expand won't trade situation much" Bourdain BankAmerica expect dollar drop 148 yen couple days. Reuter 