Dome Petroleum Ltd's loss 2.20 billion dlrs believe big Canadian company little impact daily operation pressure creditor accept proposal restructure Dome's debt 6.10 billion dlrs industry analyst said. "Essentially (Dome's loss) focus importance restructuring put pressure creditor agree debt rescheduling" oil analyst identified. Dome report earnings yesterday. Analysts huge loss improves appeal debt accord underline company statement creditor receive little force liquidation complete. After month negotiation 56 major creditor unsecured debt holder Dome submit complex proposal earlier month include convert debt equity extend repayment time. "They've talk proposal bank decide whether accept restructuring pull plug" analyst said. He huge loss include writedowns total 2.08 billion dlrs 571 mln dlr reduction defer income tax dramatically enforces company's claim 50 pct drop oil price cripple financial position. But analyst writedown impact Dome's balance sheet hurt company's cash position. "To extent writeoffs carry value asset really bookkeeper catch stock market tell reflect collapse oil prices" Peters Co Ltd analyst Wilf Gobert said. Dome report 1.20 billion charge fourth quarter 305 mln dlr reduction defer income tax decline value Dome's oil gas properties. The extraordinary loss conform Canadian Institute Chartered Accountants guideline require Dome average 1986 oil price value holding instead escalate price method prior years. Analysts six individual Swiss noteholders initiate legal action Dome recover debt 408500 dlrs press adopt lenient stand 1986 results. "To extent individual fully accept cognizant seriousness Dome's financial position financial statement reflect writedown value asset certainly indicate depth hemorrhage take place" Gobert said. The legal action Swiss court threatens trigger cross-defaults Dome's debt topple delicate debt negotiations. Dome schedule appear April six defend action. First Marathon Securities Ltd analyst Rick Hallisey size loss slightly large industry estimate Dome's negative net worth range 1.50 billion billion dlrs. "What writedown say lot money spent past unrecoverable shareholder already recognize writedown stock price" Gobert add "The financial statement happen past disaster Dome" Gobert added. The price Dome common share fell five ct 1.05 dlrs trading Toronto Stock Exchange today. At height Dome's success 1981 common trade 25 dlrs share. Reuter 