Central bank easily beaten foreign exchange market's test industrialize nations' recent pact stabilize currency analyst said. In active trading week market push dollar sterling Canadian dollar Australian dollar higher. But operator finger burn central bank signal displeasure. "So G-6 roar success"said James O'Neill financial market economist Marine Midland Bank NA. "The central bank send strong signal won't tolerate momentum building behind currencies" add senior corporate trader U.K. bank. On February 22 finance minister central bank governor U.S. Japan West Germany France U.K. -- Group Five -- plus Canada sign accord agree cooperate closely foster stability exchange rate prevail levels. The agreement view market attempt floor dollar sizeable two-year decline major currencies. And initially trader indicate respect accord refrain push dollar lower. But Wednesday dollar climbed 1.87 mark five pfennig above level Friday G-6 accord. The move aid indication U.S. economy picked steam February West German economy regressing. But dealer Federal Reserve Bank New York give trader sharp reminder G-6 pact encompass idea limit inordinate dollar gain declines. Dealers differ whether U.S. central bank actually intervene sell dollar above 1.87 mark simply telephone dealer ask quote enquire trading conditions. But dollar quickly back off. It hover 1.85 marks. "The market surprised Fed show soon" Marine Midland NA's O'Neill. Also Wednesday London dealer Bank England intervene market sell sterling U.K. currency rise 1.60 dlrs compare 1.5355 dlrs G-6 pact. Sterling high-yield currency Australian dollar Canadian dollar favor trader surmise chance intervention pursuant Paris currency accord left limited profit play dollar/mark dollar/yen. The pound boost suggestion improve U.K. economy anticipation popular British budget March 17 opinion poll show chance incumbent Conservative party election. "There real run sterling" Anne Mills Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. Sterling trade 1.5750 dlrs 1.5870 dlrs night. It slid 2.917 mark 2.950 yesterday peak 2.98 recently. "There's heavy profit-taking sterling/mark ahead Tuesday's U.K. budget" James McGroarty Discount Corp. As speculator detect presence U.S. British central bank acclerated shift Canadian Australian dollars. But stymied. The Bank Canada act slow currency's rise. The Canadian dollar trade 1.3218/23 U.S. dollar 1.3185/90 yesterday. And Australian Reserve Bank use Fed agent sell Australian dollar U.S. yesterday dealer said. The Australian dollar fell low 67.45/55 U.S. cent 69.02 Thursday. Analysts central banks' move stifle sudden upward movement leave market uncertain step. Today focus shift yen held tight range dollar months. The dollar fell 152.35/40 yen 153.35/40 night. Analysts yen gain trader unwound sterling/short mark position establish lately. "Because change perception health German economy fund unwind operation end yen" dealer U.K. bank said. Recent West German data show fall industry order low industrial output slow employment gains. Moreover yen benefitting Japanese entity invest heavily overseas example Australian financial instrument repatriate profit ahead Japanese fiscal March 31. Noting dollar/yen rate controversial U.S. trade deficit Japan analyst stage test dollar's downward scope Japanese currency. In late review foreign exchange market January Federal Reserve reveal intervene protect dollar yen January 28. On dollar fell low 150.40 yen. "Sure Fed bought dollar near 150 yen level January. But market bear march situation changes" McGroarty Discount. Reuter 