First City Bancorp Texas lose record 402 mln dlrs 1986 annual report expect operating loss continue "for foreseeable future" continue search additional capital merger partner. The Houston-based bank's 1986 financial statement receive qualify opinion auditor Arthur Andersen Co. The auditor opinion subject First City eventually obtain additional capital. "The company believe address long-term need return satisfactory level operation ultimately hundred million dollar additional capital combination strongly capitalize entity" First City note financial statement include annual report. "Management believe sufficient resource available cover interim capital concern additional capital sought" bank said. To raise cash near-term First City sell mortgage non-strategic asset recover excess contribution pension plan obtain special dividend member banks. "The loss 1987 expect substantially 1986" First City chairman J.A. Elkins letter include annual report. "However ultimate return satisfactory operating condition dependent successful resolution related problem credit quality funding eventual substantial additional capital." First City anticipate covenant credit agreement unaffiliated bank require First City's excess cash apply debt repayment modify quarter avoid default. The bank agree similar amendment covenant First City reduce borrowing 120 mln dlrs 1986 yearend 68.5 mln dlrs recent weeks. Although parent company's capital adequacy ratio exceed regulatory minimum requirement 1986 First City large subsidiary not. First City National Bank Houston primary capital ratio 5.34 pct First City Bank Dallas 4.75 pct ratio. Hard-hit collapse oil Texas real estate price First City's net loan chargeoffs total 366 mln dlrs 261 mln dlrs 1985. The bank double loan loss provision 497 mln dlrs 1986. First City chargeoffs paydowns reduce total energy loan portfolio 32 pct 1986 1.4 billion dlrs year-end add future energy chargeoffs "should modest." The amount represent 15 pct First City's total loans. In real estate First City nonperforming asset nearly double 347 mln dlrs year-end. Chargeoffs real estate loan rise 32 mln dlrs nine pct total loan chargeoffs bank amount higher. "The company face uncertainty real estate market anticipates far deterioration pportfolio regional recession persists" First City said. "Because carry value loan collateral dependent far decline overall value collateral base cause increase level real estate-related chargeoffs." Reuter 