The Philippines' quarter growth figure release yesterday indicate government likely achieve 1987 target Central Bank governor Jose Fernandez interview. The National Economic Development Authority (NEDA) announce yesterday gross domestic product (GDP) grow 5.78 pct gross product (GNP) 5.53 pct quarter earlier. "I don't anything horizon cut (growth) short" Fernandez said. NEDA GNP grown 3.56 pct GDP 3.25 pct fourth quarter 1986 earlier. Last year's GNP growth earlier 0.13 pct revise 1.51 pct. "Certainly I shortage external resource GNP growth continue level I assume domestic resource fiscal generate stumble block" Fernandez said. "I figure simply look key indicator consumption fuel oil show economy track year" said. Fernandez consumption tend heavier quarter dry weather drop third quarter. He significant sign recovery lay manufacturing sector grow 9.64 pct decline 1985 slow turnaround half 1986. "That seasonal secular" said. He government met monetary target quarter consultation International Monetary Fund (IMF). It expect draw fourth tranche 198 mln SDR stand-by arrangement soon. The Philippines drawn tranche total 58 mln SDRs arrangement expire April 23 1988. Fernandez IMF mission visit July August review performance January-June period. He IMF repayment project total 1.56 billion dlrs 1987-92 period drawing 236 mln dlrs. Repayments inevitable country net repayment IMF rise years. "It mean net drain ODA (official development assistance) account commercial banking request hold line" said. It internal constraint exists IMF debt cannot reschedule Fernandez said. The Philippines reschedule 10.3 billion dlrs 28 billion dlr foreign commercial debt March. Fernandez Central Bank bill introduce March 1984 mop excess liquidity peaked 43.1 billion peso April 1986. But unwind maturity date start October completed. He auction treasury bill whose outstanding level touch 95.44 billion peso May 20 well. "Treasury bill remain basic monetary tool" said. Commenting country's foreign debt Fernandez "I Philippine debt stock loom receipt export take leap forward suitable." The foreign debt project Central Bank reach 29.04 billion dlrs 1987. NEDA export total 1.2 billion dlrs quarter import 1.4 billion dlrs. Fernandez government target GNP growth six 6.5 pct year. He caution growth target yet achieved. Fernandez merit argument economist peso currently pegged 20.50 dollar ought devalue country's export competitive. "By pegged dollar basket basis peso already substantially devalue country's trading partners" said. On propose Omnibus Investment Code oppose clause allow unrestricted repatriation abroad investment imposition Code. The imposition Code schedule January delayed objection groups. "I central bank certainly event past half prudent. This throw caution wind I'm that" Fernandez said. "It ideal reach movement capital earnings free" said. "We reasonably results. Certainly continue fairly heavy drain external availability simply service debts." REUTER 