Carl Icahn's bold takeover bid USAir Group U> cloud fate Piedmont Aviation Inc court USAir. Yesterday Icahn's Transworld Airlines Inc TWA> 1.4 billion dlr offer USAir Group. The move complicate USAir takeover offer Piedmont believe close accept bid. Today USAir reject Icahn's 52 dlr share offer bid last-minute effort interfere takeover Piedmont. Icahn unavailable comment. Piedmont fell 68-5/8 volume 963000. TWA 3/8 31-1/2. USAir fell 1-3/8 47-3/4 doubt spread take over. Analysts market source view TWA bid attempt either trigger counter offer USAir attract suitor airline merged. "The move either Icahn start tender offer Piedmont USAir announce deal" speculate arbitrager. Some arbitrager risk current price Piedmont clear USAir's bid succeed. Piedmont's large shareholder suitor Norfolk Southern Corp NSC> offer 65 dlrs share company. USAir offer 71 dlrs cash share half Piedmont stock 73 dlrs share stock balance. Some arbitrager believe depressed price Piedmont offer buying opportunity airline destine acquire someone. USAir likely bought. Icahn talk far consolidation airline industry offer USAir alternative three-way airline combination include TWA Piedmont. But Wall Street little credibility Icahn's offer lack financing riddle contingencies. Still succeed hold merger airline - analyst fit TWA. "You can't discount him" arbitrager. Analysts Icahn prove serious follow threat make offer. In make offer USAir Icahn threaten directly shareholder 51 pct stock low price USAir reject offer. "It's clear Icahn want sell he's bluffing" arbitrager. Analysts 52 dlr share offer underpriced six dlrs share. Some analyst believe Icahn's propose three-way airline combination insurmountable regulatory hurdle believe clear company acquire separately. "TWA survive company deal work" analyst. Analysts merger costly complicated. TWA cost structure Icahn succeed win concession unions. In carrier TWA's wage scale merger TWA survive entity analyst said. Such move necessarily free Icahn TWA said. They show skill reduce Ozark Airlines' cost merge TWA necessary ingredient merger work. However analyst speculate management Piedmont USAir tolerate Icahn company. They USAir acquisition TWA exit company USAir's airline merge TWA. Reuter 