Latest Federal Reserve data suggest central bank vote maintain exist degree pressure banking reserve regular policy-making meeting week ago money market economist said. "The number little disappoint I Mr Volcker word changed" Bob Bannon Security Pacific National Bank. Fed Chairman Paul Volcker told Congressional committee Thursday Fed's policy "has unchanged today." Although Volcker's statement Thursday allayed fear Fed marginally tighten grip reserve ail dollar economist want confirmation steady policy today's data cover two-week bank statement period end yesterday. This additional reassurance acute Fed's decision yesterday drain reserve banking arrange overnight match sale-purchase agreement April economist added. Today's data show drain action fairly 3.9 billion dlrs economist said. "The caught eye relatively sizeable match sale Wednesday" Dana Johnson First National Bank Chicago. "But clearly justified them. There ominous." "The Fed couldn't wait start statement period today. If miss (reserve) projections" add Security Pacific's Bannon. A Fed spokesman told reporter single-day net miss reserve projection late week. Economists similarly shrug slightly higher-than- expect adjust bank borrowing Fed's discount window average 310 mln dlrs late week compare economists' forecast 200 mln. For two-week bank statement period daily borrowing average double 381 mln dlrs 160 prior period. "There wire problem bank Tuesday Wednesday I be bother borrowings" Scott Winningham J.S. Winningham Co. The Wednesday average rise 946 mln dlrs 148 mln week earlier. Lending far support stable policy view relatively steady federal fund rate six pct late week persistently level excess reserve banking economist said. "For Fed follow neutral path fed fund six 6-1/8 pct" Darwin Beck First Boston Corp. "I expect continue vein." "Excess reserve fell billion dlrs" add First Chicago's Johnson. Banks' excess reserve average 1.03 billion dlrs late statement period 1.50 billion previous one. After Fed decline assign 1987 target growth range wayward M-1 money supply measure week little attention paid steeper-than-anticipated 2.1 billion dlr jump week end February 16. Looking ahead economist Fed tread fine line dollar's progress international currency market development domestic economy. "The market exaggerated dollar's effect Fed policy" First Chicago's Johnson. "Of course dollar account future policy decision economy weak won't pull easing." Reuter 