The U.S. stick moment policy Brazil week ago suspend debt payment private bank deal creditor government U.S. official said. "I don't desire scurry Brazil try do" senior administration official stated. "Brazil bank point" official follow assessment country's late debt crisis. The official name National Security Council Treasury State department agency held meeting yesterday discus situation. In related development regional bank loan Brazil heavily-indebted Latin American country meet Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker tomorrow. Brazil 108 billion dlrs debt shock bank late month stop payment 68 billion dlrs owe problems. Brazil's trade surplus main source foreign exchange dwindle recent month make difficult service debt. The official interagency meeting call discus "the debt situation compare note (Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson) Funaro." Funaro told reporter want political discussion industrialize nation Brazil's debt problem effort obtain faster lending official source held discussion Friday Volcker Treasury Secretary James Baker officials. Another senior administration official perplexed Funaro's decision discus late crisis government creditor bank Brazil danger lose short-term credit lines. "We clear tactics. To seem bizarre bizarre" official said. One official described Funaro's argument "nonsense" considerable flow fund Brazil country arrears. Funaro Brazil act protect reserve want avoid confrontation. The consensus administration official seem Brazil's late debt crisis result domestic economic problems. "Brazil special there's doubt mess they're screwed-up economic policy" senior official added. Several regional bank meet Volcker tomorrow decline comment talk held Fed's suggestion. "Since host feel it's something" regional bank official said. But banking source regional bank refuse continue lending Latin America dissatisfied decision major bank Citibank refinance foreign debts. The source add Volcker dissatisfied major banks' refusal rate concession Brazil Latin American debtor small creditor bank actve role reschedule process. Reuter 