Two U.K. Tax relief measure oil producer announce aim encourage development North Sea ahead boost opportunity offshore supply industry Inland Revenue post-budget statement. Earlier Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson announce annual budget Parliament company allow offset 10 pct qualify development expenditure future oil field Petroleum Revenue Tax (PRT). To date full relief allow expenditure individual field income stream immediately available development expenditure statement said. The relief apply field outside southern basin development consent improve post-tax economics development encourage company proceed project delayed said. Lawson announce henceforth allow expenditure oil related research qualify PRT relief offset PRT liability. This mean oil-related expenditure U.K. Or U.K. Continental shelf allowable particular field incur allow PRT liability oil field Inland Revenue said. This brings scope PRT relief research cost line corporation tax relief measure plan encourage research way reduce field development cost said. In due course industry benefit 100 mln stg calculated. The Inland Revenue statement include technical measure Lawson comment budget speech. These include measure allow company balance share PRT-exempt oil allowance reallocation past period allowance utilisation. Tidier rule incorrectly allow PRT expenditure relief announce ammendments rule corporation tax Advance Corporation Tax relate so-called "ring fence" activity U.K. And continental shelf. The Finance Bill provision implementation measure announce November said. Gareth Lewis Davies North Sea expert stockbroker Wood Mackenzie Co Inc Edinburgh relief PRT depressed offshore industry. He 10 pct cross field allowance relief favour chance development small North Sea field Osprey Don Arbroath brought forward. Early development large Miller Bruce oil field encourage said. Lewis Davies measure aid offshore construction industry suffer huge amount lay-offs price slump 50 pct year. He point relief applies development field outside Southern Basin. This mean job create field central northern sector North Sea deeper south great capital labour requirement water deeper south. He PRT relief research expenditure fundamental research oil industry benefit research see year. REUTER 