A far rally Dutch bond likely week due low dollar slightly firmer guilder mark attract investor guilder mark bond analyst said. The rally week proceeds sell-off dollar paper flood strong currencies. The tender 6.25 pct eight-year bullet indicates week active trading dealer said. "We've trade year's boom May elections" Wim Moret Banque Paribas. Moret refer strong demand Dutch bond follow year's election Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers whose centre-right coalition government pledge tight economic programme bolster guilder. Last week wide sell-off dollar sterling boost demand mark guilder paper. Japanese corporate investor active buyer accounting March 31 approached. Dutch price trade volume reach high level year. Total turnover topped billion guilder 3.5 billion previous active trading week. While volume considerable price rise moderately. The bourse bond index rise 117.3 Friday rise 1.9 level week's earlier. Foreign investor lion's share trade week dealer note considerable switch domestic investor yield differential mark guilder issue entice arbitrage activity. The dollar mark sterling start week low heighten chance lively foreign demand guilder-denominated paper dealer said. Today's decline partly attribute investor sell bid force price ahead loan tender tomorrow. "This quite normal situation. It's natural investor high yield low price. It ensures firm demand tomorrow's tender" dealer said. The term issue see draw firm domestic foreign demand especially yield premium Dutch maturity grown 0.45 pct similar mark issues. The loan fourth issue payment fourth 6.25 pct coupon Dutch rate change little year. Bond analyst view state's practice weight bulk capital market borrowing half likely raise billion guilders. Dutch merchant bank Pierson Heldring en Pierson raise 15.3 billion 1987 capital market requirement estimate 32 billion guilders. Of total 7.3 billion raise capital market. Basing judgement today's market condition dealer expect loan price 101.00 pct yield 6.09 pct. "But everything hinge tomorrow. If price decline yield rise price fraction below that" dealer said. On domestic front dealer investor amply cover 4.2 billion guilder nine-day special advance Dutch central bank money market sufficient liquidity Friday provision expires. REUTER 