Bundesbank board member Claus Koehler call central bank major industrialise nation cooperate closely exchange rate policies. In lecture University Surrey pre-released Koehler alternative cooperation protectionism control capital movements. "Central bank sufficient experience exchange market transaction steer exchange rate them" said. He add West German growth forecast revise downward recent dollar drop 1.80 mark above mark start 1987. Koehler transaction foreign exchange market part company transaction good service investments. It scale speculative transaction determine market trends. Speculative inflow cause monetary aggregate grow. To reverse rise money stock rate lower allow fund drain off. "In word monetary policy measure require -- sometimes diametrically oppose -- need money stock increase result mount economic activity" Koehler said. The dollar fall mean reduce massive U.S. Current account deficit. But attempt keep depreciation talk dollar pose problems. The sharp drop dollar lead immediate steep rise cost U.S. Imports sharp fall cost European imports. But volume effect fall import U.S. And rise import Europe compare price effect. "Hence depreciation dollar far necessary adjust current account medium term" Koehler said. A reduction U.S. Current account deficit occur growth rate GNP high domestic demand. In Japan West Germany contrast domestic demand rise faster GNP. "In Germany indeed happen 1986" Koehler said. If far appreciation dollar prevent U.S. Current account deficit offset inflow foreign fund U.S.. But appropriate rate differential Europe Japan look financial investment U.S. When select monetary policy instrument central bank pay great heed past impact measure expectation consequent decisions. Koehler Bundesbank change money market rate operating market adjust lead rate signal give market substantial impact exchange rates. It achieve domestic goal price stability economic growth full employment tackle international problem exchange rate debt current account problem. A strategy design help "the safeguard non-inflationary economic growth international monetary largely free disruptions" Koehler said. Given float exchange rate necessary central bank agree intervene. It suffice tell market central bank exchange rate intervention point test point market said. In keep international monetary free disruption central bank intervene jointly cooperate rate policy Koehler said. REUTER 