Dutch brewer Heineken NV hop maintain similar earnings growth 7.5 pct increase net profit achieve 1986 despite continue investment reorganization effort extend penetration. Heineken month report 1986 net profit 285 mln guilder 265 mln 1985. Chairman Freddie Heineken company Europe's lead beer producer six pct market share 1986 sale increase 6.3 pct 42.1 mln hectoliters. The volume increase due mainly rise U.S. Where brand Amstel Lite demand Europe sale account 25.5 pct total. Turnover despite loss guilder term due weaker foreign currency rise 4.4 pct 6.7 billion guilders. Further consolidation foreign company include increase stake lead Spanish brewery El Aguila S.A.> 51.2 pct venture modernization particularly French Spanish interest erode profit margins. The company plan invest 700 mln guilder restructuring marketing Heineken said. Heineken's Spanish activity start yield profit Heineken add French operation already profit vast rationalization year. Vice Chairman Gerard van Schaik decision European Court Justice Luxembourg allow foreign beer close West German market -- Europe's big beer market -- offer interest possibility Heineken. "We beer distribution sale point" van Schaik add ruling Heineken inundate German trader seek joint ventures. "The question penetrate German market it" van Schaik add widely travel Germans develop taste foreign beer internal structure regionalized. Heineken board member Hans Coebergh responsible African operation Africa beer growth market term. He company Africa 1932 majority stake six brewery interest 25 hamper lack hard currency there. Africa beer consumption average nine liter sale limited import restriction currency risk nonetheless account 6.5 pct total 1986 sales. On-site production render expensive price import essential ingredients. But Heineken scientist look possibilities. To balance cost import malt Heinken launch Nigerian market beer 50 pct sorghum sell successfully Coebergh said. Heineken urge farmer grow traditional raw material Coebergh note banana palm beer popular Rwanda . "This possibility possibly achieve Heineken flavor" Coebergh said. Chairman Heineken company's seven effort penetrate Soviet market finally result week contract relaxed restriction faced. But lack hard currency limited Heineken's market potential. Heineken seven bar Moscow enjoy sale bar accept western money. Reuter 