Bundesbank council member Lothar Mueller bank money supply policy restrain money supply growth mean push rates. Mueller article Boersen Zeitung financial daily monetary policy account exchange rate expectation capital flow confuse exchange rate orient policy. The article follow international press speculation Bundesbank abandon money supply targetting favour exchange rate policy. Mueller member Bundesbank council position president regional central bank Bavaria note Bundesbank's decision January cut lead rate amid continue strong monetary growth lead drop monetary targetting. "Simply ignore external economic context risky dangerous monetary policy" explained. Mueller cut official rate rate speculation. The Bundesbank assume upward pressure mark ease currency inflow slow down. Lower money market rate achieve widen short term rate differential encourage investor re-invest fund park liquid account Mueller said. The measure therefore aim clearly bring monetary growth onto desire path said. "Finally course keep quiet cut rate line change economic situation months" added. "All Bundesbank abandon money supply policy January discount rate cut despite supposition contrary" Mueller said. "Keeping money supply development check synonymous raise rate especially excessive liquidity due inflow abroad growth bank credit cause rise monetary holding non-banks" Mueller said. Now West Germany longer ran external deficit concept need monetary policy. Mueller difficult dangerous monetary policy pursue specific mark/dollar exchange rate. In exchange rate partly depends U.S. Currency budgetary policy U.S. Economy said. But exchange rate orientation mean strict stability policy rate liquidity affected require currency intervention longer steer autonomously Bundesbank. Even rate centre Bundesbank's consideration reflect competition market condition Mueller said. A cut bank liquidity directly influence central bank money stock Bundesbank's main money supply indicator. This reflect banking liquidity liquidity industry household cannot directly reach Bundesbank's instrument Mueller said. The dependent non-banks bank credit harder steer money supply. This increasingly recently non-banks receive considerable sum current account surplus capital imports. "If Bundesbank try brake money supply rise high rate appropriate credit grow excessively miss target probably far inflows" said. Mueller growth money supply high. In month money stock grow annual rate seven pct 10 pct previous quarter. The growth curve therefore closer six pct 1987 target corridor central bank money stock growth point success current policy said. But monetary stock warn sign change priorities. "Monetary policy foremost stability policy successful stability policy money supply policy -- else" said. REUTER 