The federal Food Drug Administration's Dermatologic Drugs Advisory Committee vote unanimously Upjohn Co's Rogaine baldness drug safe effective. The panel recommend FDA approve Rogaine marketing United States accompany packaging promotional material disclose product limited effect male pattern baldness. The five outside expert attend today's FDA committee meeting concerned Rogaine's safety outside consultant told drug "appears quite safe normal male population." The consultant Ohio State University Professor Medicine Carl Leier Rogaine's effect minimal base study 10000 individual get drug Canada approve marketing year. "The Canadian record quite term effects" Leier said. The expert urge FDA require warn drug's packaging patient monitor heart effect take drug irregular heart beat change heart rate palpitation fluid retention body. Rogaine whose chemical name minoxidil already approve FDA take orally blood pressure drug. But Upjohn seek agency approval male baldness treatment directly skin liquid form. Upjohn previously claimed apply scalp little Rogaine absorbed bloodstream affect heart. But panel conclude amount absorbed merit physician monitoring patient take drug. Under question panel Upjohn official Richard De Villez acknowledge drug clinical trial produce moderate hair growth crown 40 pct 12 months. He acknowledge discontinue treatment hair fall out. "The Upjohn tremendous placebo effect" panel member Paul Bergstresser University Texas told meeting. He patient administer placebo clinical trial typically half hair growth individual treat Rogaine. As result patient eight-12 month tell whether thay benefiting drug said. In Canada year's treatment cost 550-640 dlrs (U.S.). An Upjohn official price drug U.S. market approve sale. During trial drug found bizarre effect individuals: It cause sexual dysfunction know "exagerrated erection." Stewart Ehrreich former FDA official conduct safety review Rogaine leave agency researcher found case patient exagerrated erection result drug. He common effect drug class Rogaine call vaso-dilators. FDA official prediction Rogaine approve marketing. Following vote panel member Dr. Robert Stern Boston dermatologist Upjohn statistic exaggerated effect drug. He "about five substantial clinical effect" define significant growth hair patient actually look better. He urge insurance company cover cost Rogaine treatment preserve scarce medical fund resources. "I hope insurance company strong line product reimburse for" Stern told reporters. "I drug application I worth expense" said. But individual require pay treatment personal funds. Stern estimate 100000 American already use minoxidil scalp outside law grind blood pressure pill dissolve solvent. Reuter 