Wall Street's big brokerage firm eager fund foreign tie fuel international expansion expect partnership Japan's cash-rich company analyst said. Yesterday American Express Co's AXP> board formally approve linkup Nippon Life Insurance Co> Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc> brokerage unit. Nippon Life receive 13 pct Shearson 538 mln dlrs. Nippon Life's investment Shearson follow year's investment Sumitomo Bank Ltd> Goldman Sachs Co>. Sumitomo paid 500 mln dlrs 12.5 pct firm. "There certainly potential additional investment far linkup Japanese financial institutions. I pattern establish it's reasonable expect far investment road" Prudential-Bache Securities analyst Larry Eckenfelder. Speculation partnership spread brokerage stock result rise stock price recent sessions. "The brokerage industry need capital evolution value yen dollar suggests there's deal investment Japanese firm U.S." analyst. As globalization financial market accelerates Japanese firm expect turn sight expertise U.S. brokerage industry. Competiton gain foothold asian market Europe create crave capital U.S firms. "Morgan (Stanley) First Boston Salomon (Brothers) Merrill (Lynch). Those firm likely consider hook Japanese firm one Japanese interested in" Eckenfelder said. All firm establish themselves Japan. While Wall Street view investment Nippon favorably underlie concern Japanese company learn U.S. partner ultimately pose type competitive threat electronics automobiles. "The difficult issue investment really lead market deregulate. Passive investment education gathering period. Obviously regulatory barrier exercise management control" Samuel Liss brokerage industry analyst Salomon Brothers. The Nippon purchase stake Shearson approve U.S. regulator Japan Finance Ministry. There offering 18 pct Shearson. Nippon Shearson already form joint venture company London investment advisory asset management consult financing. Analysts believe Nippon willingly paid premium stake receive warrant mln American Express share 13 mln share Shearson cumulative prefer convertible common U.S. regulatory approval granted. American Express guaranteed retain minimum 40 pct Shearson 1990. American Express Nippon expect closely. For instance analyst expect market American Express card actively Japan Nippon. "The key deal raise capital Shearson form strategic alliance Nippon" Alan Zimmerman Kidder Peabody Co. American Express stock respond favorably announcement climb 2-1/8 79 active trading today. Some analyst believe Nippon interested gain foothold U.S. market American Express Shearson. Analysts predict Japanese insurer eager follow Nippon Life. U.S. insurer found numerous partner themselves brokerage industry. For instance Equitable Life Assurance Co own Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette Securities Corp Prudential Life Insurance Co own Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. Eckenfelder Japanese brokerage firm likely acquirors U.S. firm rumor suitor past. Last Shearson unsuccessfully court E.F. Hutton Group EFH> Japanese firm rumor willing partners. Reuter 