U.S. cotton farmer likely plant 10.6 mln acre come season base average estimate offer cotton market analyst gear U.S. Agriculture Department's 1987 plant intention report Tuesday. The annual report give cotton trader glimpse U.S. production 1987/88 season begin August 1. Trade commission forecast range 10.2 10.9 mln acres. On March 18 USDA report cotton farmer 1986 intend plant 9.71 mln acres. Four month USDA estimate 9.67 mln acre plant June 1. By January estimate 1986 plant acreage nationwide 10.06 mln. Analysts forecast great acreage 1987 spur belief year's demand firm price repeat year. Analysts factor cotton profitable crop. "With cotton attractive price-wise I switch acreage soybean cotton. Soybeans dirt cheap" Lisbeth Keefe Cargill Investor Services whose comment echoed cotton market specialists. Changes U.S. cotton lead increase acreage analyst said. They recall 1986 cotton farmer crop collateral government loan responsible cost store cotton government warehouses. But 1987 plan government pick tab storage. Analysts change discourage farmer participate result cotton. "The cotton stipulates mandatory set-aside 25 pct farmer's base acreage" note Judy Weissman Shearson Lehman Brothers. But farmer elect participate free plant acreage have. Some analyst cotton farmer high-yielding Western likely steer clear program. "Western acreage 20 pct" commission analyst whose estimate base forecast National Cotton Council annual meeting late January. But disagreed. "I Western grower decide security reasons. There's lot comfort know you'll guaranteed government's loan price 52.25 cent lb. Anyone outside subject wile market" Walter Brown market analyst major California cotton producer. Some cotton specialist expectation increase acreage verify Tuesday's plant intention report. "Anything USDA announce base information gather cotton announce (on March 20)" analyst cautioned. She trader idea year's cotton output USDA's plant acreage report release July 9. Brown opinion step further. "I don't plant acreage important. What count abandonment rate" difference acreage plant acreage harvested. Brown abandonment rate "pretty high" 15.5 pct weather problem key produce states. "More normal six pct" said. Reuter 