Leading industrial nation meet month review accord currency stability U.S. Officials financial market convince country live commitment speed economic growth. The narrow currency movement recent week strongly suggests six lead industrial country tame normally unruly financial market month's talk seem likely build stability. A Reagan administration official Paris agreement month main reason market calm. But interview financial market understood "That six country conclude measure take period future foster stability exchange rate current levels. That happen Paris." Monetary analyst stability help decision industrial nation bury hatchet cease quarrel short-term policy objectives. Instead focus medium-term policy goal left adjust agreement periodic meetings. The official refuse comment whether agreement include secret pact consider far coordinate rate cut -- measure industrial nation take jointly time past year. On February 22 United States Japan West Germany France Britain Canada agree major currency range broadly reflect underlie economic condition commitment Washington cut budget deficit Toyko Bonn boost economic growth. The shake-up strengthen U.S. Position future international talks. "I change strengthen President's politically strong politically Congress international fora" official Administration economic policymaker. "So beneficial continued conduct initiatives." But official Administration resist call tax increase cut budget deficit -- target Europeans crucial curb economic instability. Currency analyst believe Paris agreement secret short-term target range currency specific agreement defend band intervention. According market source range agree 1.60 1.90 mark dollar 140 155 yen dollar. There official confirmation specific band agreement term "ranges" international economic agreement. The Paris accord state six cooperate closely foster currency stability current levels. Last week dealer Federal Reserve intervene stop dollar rise mark breach 1.86 dollar. British authority understood intervene curb sterling's strength. International monetary source finance minister central banker review market performance economic prospect reassemble Washington April 9 policymaking meeting International Monetary Fund. The source Italy refuse join Paris pact invite Treasury Secretary James Baker. Since Paris sign West German growth slow U.S. Officials give Japan April show economic stimulus package offing. Signs concern German prospect emerge recently Bundesbank (central bank) president Karl Otto Poehl told banker consider cut West German rate Fed ready follow suit. A Reagan Administration official show change approach central bank Germany. But decline comment prospect action Fed Bundesbank. "If provision private I talk longer private" official identified. Public comment Fed official suggest central bank keep credit condition broadly unchanged major economy continue show sluggish growth U.S. Trade deficit remains stubbornly far coordinate action April agenda. REUTER 