A statement yesterday Secretary State George Shultz met wheat grower U.S. agricultural product competitively price significant recognize importance Soviet market U.S. price market level U.S. grain trade industry official said. They Shultz's comment explicitly endorse subsidize wheat sale USSR noteworthy negative towards action. In response query State Department's position sell subsidize wheat Moscow Shultz told leader National Association Wheat Growers price competitive U.S. trade. The Soviet Union world's large grain importer bought U.S. wheat complain price above market levels. A U.S. offer fall sell Soviets lower-priced wheat export enhancement EEP rebuffed due price. Shultz adamantly U.S. wheat offer report major obstacle make subsidy overture Soviet Union grain industry source said. Intense speculation U.S. fresh EEP wheat offer Soviets boost grain price significantly recent trading sessions. Kansas City hard wheat future rise 2-1/4 cent midday 2.88-1/4 dlrs bushel CBT March wheat 1-1/2 cent 2.92-1/2 dlrs. "I'm sure about-face it's clearly recognition unless we're competitive won't sell Soviet Union" lobbyst major commodity group. "We competitive. It's ridiculous somebody buy product low price somewhere else" Shultz told farm leaders. "That approach negotiation Soviets" said. If comment signal State Department longer oppose U.S. sell wheat USSR EEP certainly improves chance EEP wheat offer Moscow industry lobbyst said. National Wheat Grower's official take cautious attitude towards secretary's comments. "His comment discourage didn't judgment promise immediate action EEP" official wheat said. The Wheat Growers official note "there significance haven't see significant negative commentary idea EEP wheat Soviets." In meeting exporter week Secretary Agriculture Richard Lyng refuse comment request administration offer subsidize wheat Moscow official said. An aide USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz report strongly oppose EEP wheat Soviets Shultz comment "are consistent (Shultz) taught economist" don't necessarily relate Soviet Union. Amstutz reach comment aide Lyng Lyng comment Shultz's statements. But trade source hopeful Shultz comment indicate movement towards EEP wheat Moscow. "If didn't there's chance. This potentially positive development" commodity source said. Reuter 