Lead price risen week background finely balance physical sector trader said. Further gain USSR step buying labour problem develop North America added. London Metal Exchange (LME) price unusually buoyant seasonal demand normally slacken price tend drift lower. This buoyancy generally attribute trader low level LME stock steady unspectacular physical demand Northern Hemisphere find supply curtailed. The supply problem begin market peak winter demand tail stock usually build fast availability increase trader said. The low supply level result factor globe. Delayed shipment Peru Mediterranean country production transport problem lack Spanish export closure Cia La Cruz's smelter Linares low output Morocco Greece meant additional demand direct merchant turn draw LME stocks. In addition Broken Hill Associated Smelters' Port Pirie South Australia smelter halt production five week maintenance. Although company meet commitment far pressure stocks. And U.S. Company Doe Run kept 140000 tonne Boss Montana smelter closed. This cut producer stock contribute closer supply/demand balance U.S. Market depressed surplus production regular supplier market. Mexican supply sometimes swell LME stock normal find ready buyer trader said. On demand winter battery manufacture held quite U.S. Buying lead sheet report U.K. Soviet lead buying notably absent Europe month resume buying fill merchant March. Merchant demand fuel rise LME lead price week see cash metal move above 320 stg establish premium 10 stg month delivery. Specific demand direct towards metal Gothenburg Trieste warehouses. Gothenburg material target merchant shipping USSR trader said. On stock popular LME Continental warehouse Antwerp Rotterdam little 3000 tonne lead believe strong hands. Out total 22125 tonne LME stock low level June 1980 half U.K. Warehouses popular merchant put together shipments. But U.K. Stocks drop 6000 tonne start year. Traders partly due secondary smelter buying ingot supplement feed supply affected environmental control restriction transport batteries. Labour negotiation North America play determine direction price contract expire end-April Cominco's Trail Kimberley B.C. Mine/smelter Doe Run's Herculaneum Mo smelter. Noranda's New Brunswick mine/smelter contract expiry July cause nervousness view strike zinc copper worker recent months. Traders LME month delivery already attract speculative buying rise 320/330 stg current firmness nearby tightness widen cash premium 20 four. Three month quote 313 stg midsession. Reuter 