Pessimism effect prolong dry spell come Bahian temporao cocoa crop rise trade forecast generally 2.0 mln 2.5 mln bag range 2.5 mln 3.0 mln fortnight ago. Trade source told Reuters capital Salvador despite scatter rain mid-February broke six week drought plantation picked hop little cocoa expect gather month May/September crop. The source arrival May July reach 600000 bag whereas normal figure 1.0 mln 1.5 mln bag expected. Arrivals start pick sharply pod current flower gathered. However source note late temporao susceptible pod rot flourish condition turn cold humid likely late July on. This year's crop doubly susceptible poor price mean farmer encourage invest fertiliser insecticide unlikely treat pod rot. A severe attack pod rot cause loss 500000 bag short period source said. Because increase exposure pod rot damage estimate final outcome temporao extremely vulnerable production easily drop below 2.0 mln bag mark disease hits. Although flower follow start rain pod set expectation possibly drought cause drop insect population pollinates flower source said. However report farm indicate moisture level generally near normal level current flower pod set result mature fruit August September. The source expect break harvest bean temporao begin main crop officially start October 1. "The cut-off date completely artificial. If heavy harvest break August November December" said. If prediction 2.0 2.5 mln bag temporao prove accurate below 2.7 mln bag average past 10 years. The poor temporao 1984 prolong drought pod rot cut production 1.79 mln bag low 1974. Good grow condition follow produce temporao 3.12 mln bag below 1983 3.17 mln bag record year's output suffer drought damage 2.77 mln bags. Figures come temporao distort upwards inclusion undeclared current main crop beans. The source quantity bean believe undeclared year's record total harvest unsure unregistered official crop April 30. Recent official arrival figure swollen inclusion bean deliver previously port warehouse declared. Because turnover bean significant amount deteriorate store warehouses. Some expect held mix temporao arrivals. With official arrival figure 1986/87 temporao main crop total 6.1 mln bag seven week total outturn record 6.5 mln bag production declare source said. This compare previous record 6.03 mln. However tell current crop bean declare May 1 start temporao true size 1986/87 harvest officially registered. Reuter 