European Community finance minister central banker meet Belgium weekend discus strengthen Europe's joint currency float amid continue worry turbulence foreign exchanges. Belgian Finance Minister Mark Eyskens host informal talk told Reuters minister central bank chief discus situation currency market February agreement lead industrialise country stabilise exchange rate levels. In interview Eyskens Paris accord United States Japan West Germany France Britain Canada prove "more workable." But doubt effectiveness durability grow fear trade United States Japan computer microchip push dollar record low surge yen week. The talk Belgian resort Knokke held coordinate EC's position monetary issue Third World debt ahead Spring meeting International Monetary Fund World Bank Washington week. The EC gathering begin tonight dinner main discussion tomorrow. Continued international currency turbulence undermine plan reinforce European Monetary System joint float hold eight EC currency narrow fluctuation band feature weekend agenda. Eyskens repeatedly Europe need period calm currency market particular stable dollar strengthen EMS resilient exchange rate swings. The EMS take batter fall dollar sent fund surge dominant EMS currency West German mark force minister undertake major realignments parity nine months. In interview Eyskens clear hop wide-ranging discussion future eight-year-old EMS basis proposal bolster drawn EC's Monetary Committee Committee Central Bank Governors. The committee proposal reshuffle EMS exchange rate January. Eyskens repeat call European Currency Unit fledgling EC currency core mark's dominant role EMS - proposal met cool response West Germany. He EC Commission President Jacques Delors report meeting problem raise plan liberalise capital movement fully 12-nation bloc 1992 harmonise tax banking controls. Eyskens liberalisation capital movement strengthen EMS element destabilisation Community. He crucial issue debate whether member willing push far towards EC's goal monetary integration basis EMS include management exchange rate common institution instead central bank present. Plans creation institution foreseen EMS's found father thwart reluctance country notably West Germany gove sovereignty monetary field. EMS development held Britain's refusal join system's core exchange rate mechanism. REUTER 