European currency market react quietly G-7 communique comment banker dealer range disappointment concrete surprise market expect much. The dollar open low virtually currency trade narrow range communique reaffirm support Paris accord currency stabilisation contain move strengthen it. Dealers Frankfurt Zurich dollar remain broadly entrench current trading range. "The dollar likely stay range 1.80 1.84 marks" Gisela Steinhaeuser senior dealer Chase Bank AG. She resistance far climbs. However dollar break range major surprise worse-than-expected U.S. Merchandise trade deficit due Tuesday. Theodor Stadelmann dealer Bank Julius Baer Co Ltd Zurich expect dollar hold steady mark Swiss franc weaken far yen possibly 140 yen. A Milan banker share Stadelmann's view say expect dollar-yen range 140-150 short term. London trader G-7 communique fail curb underlie bearishness dollar negative sentiment yet strong tempt interbank operator test downside. Concern finance minister official Washington issue concrete statement favour currency stabilisation kept player sideline worry provoke fresh central bank intervention term trader said. Most Paris dealer express disappointment communique say change reverse dollar's downward trend. Traders centre market look fresh opportunity test willingness central bank defend current range communique "broadly consistent economic fundamental basic policy intention outline Louvre meeting." Dave Jouhin senior dealer Midland Bank London "They're somebody's resolve test soon." The U.S. February trade data provide trigger dealer said. However dealer London-based operator unlikely major position week ahead Easter weekend. They near-term technical support 1.825 mark 145 yen resistance 1.83 mark 146 yen. Chase Bank's Steinhaeuser Frankfurt dealer G-7 communique guaranteed relatively calm stable market foreseeable future compare extreme volatility see month year. One dealer German bank word communique clear lead nation far dollar drop support dollar. The German dealer dollar gradually appreciate 1.87 mark broadly see upper limit Louvre accord's suppose currency target range. A Swiss bank economist believe market ready period "mainly sideways movement." But Milan dealer sceptical communique contribute great stability. "Nothing change substantially dollar boost" dealer Italian banker expect dollar trade 1.77 1.87 German mark months. Reuter 