Several industrial nation press United States consider whether debt strategy increase fire develop need strengthen monetary source say. While nation ready pour vast sum money radical "debt relief" style solution debt crisis pressure building great International Monetary Fund role plan. But U.S. official fight demand change Congress confident retain support strategy probably endorse communique issue IMF's policy-making Interim Committee. One Reagan administration official recent discussion lead industrial country show "very broad strong support continue strategy". The official interview "I don't there's strong desire revise debt strategy except course (Capitol) Hill." But monetary source industrial nation France Italy troubled sign strategy increasingly strained. Britain concerned. In late 1985 Washington call multilateral development bank World Bank commercial bank increase loan 15 major debtor 29 billion dlrs years. In return major debtor expect undertake reform promote inflation-free economic growth market reduce government role economy. The IMF retain "central role" strategy shift economic reform program emphasize austerity stress growth freer trade policy foreign investment debtor nations. But monetary source nation flexibility IMF set economic program tie loan debtor nations. Such flexibility include rigid economic target -- lead artificial crisis met -- reliance range benchmark monitor economic performance. There concern level IMF lending low commercial bank themselves attack tawdry loan level debtor increased. The IMF hold semi-annual meeting World Bank week net lender year. Much loan disbursement offset repayments. Meanwhile country include United States acknowledge bank live commitments. Paul Volcker chairman Federal Reserve Board particularly irritated reluctance commercial bank lend reform debtor monetary source say. New IMF manage director Michel Camdessus understood worried Fund's image develop depict source economic ills. Camdessus' experience former chairman so-called "Paris Club" western creditor government extensive first-hand experience debt crisis. Brazil February declare paymernts moratorium 67 billion dlrs commercial bank debt flatly rule adopt IMF-sponsored economic reforms. Peru reject IMF curb debt repayment 10 pct exports. But administration official Brazil's strategy use moratorium negotiate tool backfire. "It's probably turn complicate thought. It underline extreme risk debtor country take begin road" official said. Indeed U.S. bank lay groundwork write Brazilian loans. U.S. official generally praise debtor adopt genuine economic reform multilateral institution step lending. And Venezuela Chile Philippines struck agreement commercial bank stretch debt repayments. But problem dog assembly 7.7 billion dlrs bank loan Mexico official acknowledge major cash loan debtor country. Instead bank press novel way ease liquidity squeeze debtor nations. The prospect great official involvement debt strategy depends chiefly ability western nation finance. While sympathy Congress various form debt relief U.S. fund World Bank IMF virtual impossibility today's era budget restraint. That leaf rich surplus nation Japan West Germany neither country favor generalize debt relief. And Reagan administration inclined bow Congressional pressure change regulation govern foreign loan easy bank account delay principal repayments. Reuter 