A surprise 7.5 pct drop U.S. January durable good order point slowdown capital spending presage lackluster real growth U.S. economy quarter 1987 economist said. With total order exclude volatile defense sector fall record 9.9 pct economist agree report paint bleak picture U.S. economy. But stress 1987 tax reform law primary factor behind drop order capital investment. "It's gloomy outlook economy David Wyss Data Resources Inc. "I'm particularly impressed 19.7 pct drop non-defense capital good order sign business react adversely tax reform thought." The Commerce Department point record 14.8 pct decline order machinery lead decline office compute equipment orders. Economists drop computer order response lengthen depreciation schedule investment tax credit tax laws. "It's expensive invest aren't do much" Wyss said. Increases durable good order year's reinforce view business anticipate change tax law economist said. November durable good order rise 5.1 pct December's increase 1.5 pct revise upwards previously report 0.9 pct. But acknowledge huge January drop cause tax reform. "The wash-out January great actual gain November December" Bill Sullivan Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. "The economy weaken bent year." "The report definitely point sluggish capital spending couple quarters" Donald Maude Midland Montagu Capital Markets Inc. Maude point continue decline backlog evidence outlook order improving. In November backlog rise 0.6 pct December fell 0.6 pct January 0.7 pct said. "It suggests order pipeline deplete quickly translate drop production" Midland Montagu's Maude said. Wyss caution January's report report reflect strength. But acknowledge decline occur despite 51 pct rise defense order compare 57.7 pct decline December. He note 6.9 pct drop January shipment compare 5.4 pct rise December. "Given number there's reason Fed tighten" Data Resources' Wyss said. "But there's reason ease unless number this. The Fed wait see" added. Sullivan predict Fed ease Easter. "People aren't talk recession Fed ease Fed ease ensure global growth." Reuter 