Lured weaken dollar conviction oil price poise rebound European energy company buying cheap U.S. oil gas reserve replenish supply oil industry analyst said. They own oil reserve politically stable United States insurance future shortages. However quick pace foreign investment heat competition European firm well-heeled U.S. institutional investor major oil company snare choice domestic oil properties. Strevig Associates Houston firm track oil gas reserve sale grow foreign buyer help push reserve price recent month higher. All buyer U.S. reserve paid median price 6.45 dlrs barrel oil fourth quarter 1986 acquisition 5.33 dlrs third quarter five dlrs quarter accord firm's research. "Foreign investor nibble we're see name small company come in" Arthur Smith oil property appraisal specialist president John S. Herold Inc Greenwich Conn. "Europeans especially indigenous oil gas realize tide eventually turn favor Organization Petroleum Exporting Countries" added. Smith oil industry analyst economist believe trend foreign investment continue 1987 fall value U.S. dollar perception oil price hit bottom cheaper buy reserve explore them. Plenty property available market thanks company raise cash debt payment restructuring throughout oilpatch. In big transaction recent month French-owned Minatome Corp. unit Total Compagnie Francaise de Petroles> spent 230 mln dlrs separately acquire oil asset Texas International TEICC> Lear Petroleum Partners LPP>. A spokesman Minatome company search additional acquisitions. A partnership Belgian-owned firm Petrofina S.A.> Cometra Oil S.A.> paid 150 mln dlrs late buy virtually exploration asset Williams Cos WMB> Oklahoma pipeline firm. But Japanese investor prefer enter joint venture experienced U.S. company explore oil. Japan's Nippon Oil> partner Texaco Inc's TX> Texaco USA 100 mln dlrs U.S. drilling join Dupont's DD> Conoco Inc similar 135 dlrs mln deal. Most buyer pay-back period property geographic location lift cost crude oil factor evaluate potential acquisition rely simple price-per-barrel formula. Rich Hodges Houston-based land manager represent International Oil Gas Corp partnership Preussag Corp> C. Deilmann Inc> West Germany firm earmark 50 mln dlrs spend oil reserve Texas Oklahoma Louisiana come months. But call amount compare amount investor acquisitions. PaineWebber's Geodyne Energy Income Fund example plan spend 300 mln dlrs oil gas properties. "The competition stiff foreign investor brokerage house U.S. oil companies" said. "Our company shopping feel it's substantially risky pure exploration. If you're risk inherent exploration price high current market" added. In addition foreign investor U.S. brokerage house analyst major oil company compete prime properties. Houston-based Shell Oil Co unit Royal Dutch/Shell Group RD> active company buying sell reserve Smith said. Since 1982 Shell acquire billion dlrs reserve include 470 mln barrel oil equivalent net cost 2.80 dlrs barrel said. "Buying reserve strategy companies" Smith said. "Domestic production drop mln barrel cutback drilling drop mln barrel 1988." Reuter 