World Bank President Barber Conable express concern trade protectionism heart showdown United States Japan spread throughout industrial world. But interview Reuters Conable action United States slap tariff electronic good Japan mean country head full-scale trade war. Conable World Bank press develop country market argue free trading environment increase possibility global economic growth. "We make adjustment loan country develop encourage opening market sure developed doesn't close time" said. He U.S. action Japan "a significant retaliatory step constitute basic change trade policy." The interview week's semi-annual meeting Bank International Monetary Fund. Referring Brazil's recent payment moratorium Conable global debt situation serious closely watched. He Bank past concentrate make loan assist basic underpinnings develop dam road sewer increasingly assistance available economic reform. The Bank increase loan debt crisis found country desperately fund balance payment adjustment economic reform aim opening market encourage foreign investment reduce government's role economy. "We're comfortable adjustment lending expect reach majority portfolio" Conable said. He clear adjustment lending continue increase proportion overall Bank lending time. He note "the debt severe country ask adjustment assistance debt." Conable former Republican Congressman New York chosen President Reagan Bank position year. He associate Treasury Secertary James Baker launch U.S. strategy shore indebted nation October 1985 include call increase adjustment lending World Bank. Conable expect result major study Bank's organization complete weeks. He decision seek reorganization base Bank fire poorest country do richest country inefficiency. reorganization consider major initiative Conable closely-watched agency's 151 member-countries indication management style priorities. "I sure institution view support soundly constitute permit grow" Conable said. However "I don't believe anything basically wrong institution I don't believe redefinition purpose." He apparent debt initiative propose Baker Bank central role deal debt crisis. Conable add cooperation Bank sister agency International Monetary Fund talk IMF Managing Director Michel Camdessus variety issues. On personal level Conable feel personal stamp Bank note "I don't particular mission except useful institution process development." He add "so I don't feel call personalize institution." On development need sub-Sahara Africa Conable Bank constantly review way assist region note half recently agree financing 12.4 billion dlrs Bank's International Development Association earmark Africa. Leading industrial nation expect consider form debt relief poorest nation Sub-Sahara week's meetings. Reuter 