The Bank England fought money bond market pressure pre-Budget rate cut leave pound strain far rise trade-weighted index six-month high. It close level September 12 71.4 pct 1975 value index foreign investor continued buy currency offer relative return possibility short-term capital gain dealer said. Meanwhile opinion divide whether Bank stop cut Budget Day March 17 to. The Bank's late strong signal market want rate stay steady moment midafternoon lent discount house penal rate 11-3/4 pct relieve money market shortage. "They're really make discount house suffer" Stephen Lewis economist brokerage Phillips Drew. "Eleven three-quarters pct above money market rates." This money market signal apparently accompany sterling sale foreign exchange talk inhibit strong rise yesterday Tuesday buyer strongly pound. The pound surge 1.5798/808 dlrs London close previous finish 1.5650/60 2.8900/60 mark 2.8720/50. "If pressure keep up...There possibility rate drop Budget" Jeremy Hale economist finance Goldman Sachs International Corp. Some gilt trader forecasting half-point cut base rate current 11 pct tomorrow. However analyst Bank England convince rise fundamental re-rating result short-term speculative gains. There valid reason Bank cautious Peter Fellner U.K. Economist broker James Capel Co. Markets highly optimistic chance Conservative Party victory election disappointment Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher decides hold lead decline pound setback bond Fellner said. An election delayed mid-1988 forecast year. Others note pound yet prove vulnerable oil price loss change fortune dollar. However analyst agree Bank largely try timing cut hold altogether. The authority traditionally prefer single sustainable rate move half point there. Some add Bank influence sign proportion late bout sterling buying long-term capital come London market notably Japan. They argue pound perceive safer bet dollar latter recent sharp fall current political upheaval Washington. The Bank point trade-weighted index Budget argue Lewis. "But sterling firm satisfy Bank England" added. The Bank decline comment reason resist pressure rate move budget banking source authority recent rise sterling mark foreign exchange traders. Meanwhile analyst note market ignore potentially harmful news trade front today's figure show current account deficit 1986 1.1 billion stg. This above previous estimate current account deficit compare surplus 2.9 billion stg 1985. Fellner normal condition bond currency market pause bullish worry fundamentals. The guess game timing cut clearing bank divide markets. Privately bank official forecast Bank hold week bank say rise tomorrow. If move come March 17 forecast half-point cut half full Budget day. REUTER 