Sterling sharp recovery U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson described remark yesterday target pound "insignificant" rally exactly level fetch Lawson spoke yesterday dealer analyst said. They sterling likely leave limelight trade quietly current level market sight dollar yen mark ahead key international monetary talk Washington week. Sterling end European 1.6020/30 dlrs virtually unchanged yesterday's 1.6040/50 dlrs fetch Lawson's comment. But level above 1.59 dlrs held comment came. Against mark sterling recover close 2.9190/9240 mark today's opening 2.9040/90 night's 2.9210/45. "On balance happen ... We before" Mark Brett economist security Barclays de Zoete Wedd said. "This story storm teacup" dealer U.K. Bank commented. The pound's recovery trigger Lawson criticise medium coverage comment yesterday told conference want sterling stay roughly was. In context Lawson report specify rate 2.90 mark 1.60 dlrs pound remark market quick interpret signal sell sterling. Lawson merely state yesterday's approximate value pound. "The wrong stick picked up" told reporter add comment signal change British exchange rate policies. Dealers analyst reaction statement clear evidence market frustrate relative currency stability February 22 Paris agreement desperate reactivate trading react clue offer content currency accord. In Paris finance minister Group Five Canada widely believe agree exchange rate target participant specify apparent bid foster stability keep market guessing. "The market absolutely desperate clue Group Six (countries Paris agreement) target ... The rumour fly big before" Barclays de Zoete Wedd's Brett. Analysts neither yesterday's remark nor today's change impression Paris sterling target trade broad range major currencies. All poll analyst anything 2.90 mark level mention Lawson probably centre wide 20-pfennig range sterling easily hold help economic indicator relatively rates. "It insane pinpoint exchange rate ahead election ... I don't believe Lawson mad tie fix rate" Brett said. He expect sterling firm week 2.95 mark 1.63 dlrs overseas investor reappraise high-yielding investment here. Robin Marshall chief economist Chase Manhattan Securities surprised Lawson qualify sterling target comment quickly. "His remark give market target aim at" add "He (Lawson) talk bit corner ... It hostage fortune." Marshall analyst dismiss theory quote target rate Lawson attempt pressure prime Minister Margaret Thatcher agree British membership European Monetary System (EMS) implausible. Reuter 