Companies offering variable insurance policy introduce Japan October look report sparkle result report fund performance month fund manager major insurance company said. The manager told Reuters insurer show variable return top 50 pct annual basis five month March 31. Industry source 17 Japanese U.S. Insurers offering variable policy earn return 10 pct investments. Returns variable policy paid policy surrender depend performance fund run insurers. Managers strong result due load fund buoyant Tokyo stock market convertible bond attractive short-term instrument yen deposits. Japanese share price rise 30 pct absolute term November 1 March 31. Key bond yield fell pct five pct period. "Variable avail time client likely attract impressive result June" Ichirou Hayashi manager Nippon Life Insurance Co Ltd's fund management office said. The Finance Ministry allow disclosure insurance company figure end March 31 June. Nippon Life large Japanese insurer 50000 investor variable end-March U.S. Firms offer variable total 7550 investor fund manager said. Equitable Life Insurance Co Ltd American Life Insurance Co Ltd Sony Prudential Life Insurance Co joint venture Sony Corp Prudential Life Assurance U.S. Are U.S. Insurers offering variable here. "Although (variable life) appear short-term financial instrument death benefit priority raise cash value period" Ichiro Kono manage director chief actuary Sony Prudential. Variable guarantee fix death benefit. "Variables attractive executive company wish receive retirement fund option settlement annuities" Kono said. Nippon Life's Hayashi sale variable shape rate consciousness grows. Insurance manager expect variable survive credit market collapse fund able react rate fluctuation quickly huge insurance account assume fund manager grow sophisticated global fund risk management. Japanese insurer cut dividend paid holder regular insurance 0.45 percentage April 1 due decline domestic rates. Fund manager regular insurance fund invest conservatively decision base long-term strategies. Major insurer expect report huge exchange loss estimate 2000 billion yen foreign investment 1986/87 said. "Asset mix concept large fund variable especially huge currency loss fiscal year" Hayashi Nippon Life said. Industry analyst shift fund ahead tax change due October help boost demand variable life. The government expect impose 20 pct withholding tax instrument include single premium endowment insurance mature variable free tax. But Sony Prudential's Kono "A shift fund single premium endowment variable unlikely investor former short-term return-minded latter doesn't guarantee short-term cash value." Sony Prudential Equitable Life separate variable accounts. Equitable's fund specialise Japanese stock U.S. Stocks money market instrument Sony's cover bond stock investment. Japanese insurer variable account each. The Finance Ministry allow sale variable endowment term 10-years insurance October 1 allow single premium latter. REUTER 