The government announce billion franc combat long-term unemployment amid speculation political economic analyst position period economic reflation. The package present cabinet Prime Minister Jacques Chirac Social Affairs Labour Minister Philippe Seguin finance 7.5 billion franc contingency fund announce February 25. Finance Minister Edouard Balladur previously rule reflationary program. Long-term unemployment define affect 830000 third French unemployed government figure show. The main measure employment employer financial incentive offer short-term contract stress retrain long-term unemployed return labour market. Training subsidy exemption security contribution main incentive employers. "Companies tell strong incentive fall labour market that's proposals...Are costly" aide Seguin said. The analyst speculation government consider reflationary spark Chirac spokesman Denis Baudouin yesterday minister generally agree desirability relaunching economy. He appear contradict statement Balladur ruling economic stimulation despite government's revision 1987 growth forecast 2.0 pct 2.8. Finance ministry official clarify Baudouin's remark say question move stimulate economy boost consumer spending government policy allow increase industrial investment proceeds France's five-year privatisation plan. The 1987 budget allow 30 billion franc revenue privatisation split repay debt provide enterprise fresh capital. Some political analyst Baudouin's comment possibly reflect widen difference RPR-UDF coalition issue ahead year's presidential elections. Divisions show December wave strike lead transport worker paralyse country drove government mood conciliation labour. Officials success privatisation Cie de Saint Gobain SGEP.PA> Cie Financiere de Paribas PARI.PA> government decide speed five-year privatisation aim complete third ahead presidential election expect 1988. The accelerate provide additional unbudgeted revenue boost industrial research investment spending infrastructure motorway network. The government revive proposal block Socialist president Francois Mitterrand encourage flexible work hour say boost job improve competitiveness French industry. The proposal allow night-shift woman variation standard 39-hour work week parliament self-contained draft bill vetoed procedural reason Mitterrand Council State. REUTER 