The Semiconductor Industry Association three-month average book-to-bill ratio 1.21 above analysts' expectation reflect sixth straight increase indicator computer industry activity. Average book month period end March total 910.8 mln dlrs 15.6 pct month ago high booking September 1984. March billing computer chip sale month total 912.1 mln dlrs 34.6 pct month ago association said. The month average billing total 751.3 mln dlrs 6.5 pct. March billing strong record November 1984 association said. The book bill ratio 1.21 high May 1984 noted. Preliminary total solid shipment quarter 1987 total 2.25 billion dlrs 4.9 pct quarter 15.9 pct year's quarter. Semiconductor Industry Association President Andrew Procassini rise book bill due substantial increase U.S. booking March. "We believe booking increase reflect grow confidence electronic equipment manufacturer end-equipment market segment improve substantially quarter" Procassini statement. The association revise book-to-bill ratio estimate month end February 1.12 1.13 earlier. It far revise January book-to-bill figure 1.09 1.12 estimate earlier. The three-month average book-to-bill ratio 1.21 March mean 100 dlrs worth product ship computer chip maker receive 121 dlrs orders. Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc analyst Michael Gumport association number indicate March order 20 pct above normal seasonal level. The association break March order three-month average 910.8 mln dlrs. Gumport note three-month average booking above 800-865 mln dlrs anticipate industry. He semiconductor stock rise five ten pct stock market tomorrow due positive numbers. "Skeptics pretty strong reason (of stocks)" Gumport said. Kidder Peabody Co analyst Michael Kubiak ratio indicates March order billion dlrs high monthly rate April 1984. He predict five pct rise semiconductor stock stock soar 15 pct session. "One month boom-time news" said. Kubiak attribute stong semiconductor order strength personal computer market inventory restock strong buying distributors. Purchasing manager keep computer chip inventory low due overcapacity industry slow growth economy analyst noted. The semiconductor industry slump past years. The analyst March sale number strong evidence yet trend turning. Nevertheless expect Administration retreat propose sanction Japanese chip makers. They add industry continue improve mean sanction short term. Jack Beedle President In-Stat electronics industry research firm call March number "excellent" caution excessive optimism. "I believe caution word euphoria" Beedle add yet strong indication economy computer industry support solid long-term recovery. Beedle think semiconductor industry quarter think positive shift export industrial production need sustain recovery. Reuter 