American Telephone Telegraph Co hard convincing U.S. regulatory authority lift control long-distance benefit consumer industry congressional analyst say. "There's clearly effort (by ATT) deregulation adverse effect consumer" Gerry Salemme policy analyst House telecommunication consumer protection finance subcommittee. Salemme Federal Communications Commission ease restriction ATT Congress probably consider take legislative oversight action protect consumers' interests. ATT 80 pct interstate long-distance market. It FCC cut price rate regulation control long-distance phone business. ATT spun local telephone service operation seven regional Bell company 1984 court order breakup telephone giant. The regional company prohibit manufacturing equipment offering information service out-of-region long-distance service. But move area particularly provision long-distance service compete directly ATT. ATT's request response FCC notice issue January propose streamline regulation part long-distance business. The FCC closely examine potential effect proposal consumer FCC spokeswoman Mary Beth Hess. "That foremost mind" Hess said. Hess expect FCC respond months. Congressional aide concerned regulation reduce ATT dominant market position raise consumer rates. Consumer group ATT's concern client lucrative market underscore danger full regulation FCC increase cost pass onto consumer business. ATT say deregulation benefit consumers. The company competitive wait FCC authorization introduce service spokeswoman Edith Herman said. However Gene Kimmelman Consumer Federation America represent 200 consumer group nationally "When ATT offer service tend gear volume market average consumer." ATT propose addition lift profit regulation FCC allow rate effect 14 day instead current 45 days. The company call reduction amount documentation file FCC introduces change long-distance services. "With filing we're suggest regulator replace blanket approach regulate ATT finely-tuned target approach" Lawrence Garfinkel ATT's vice president marketing service statement. "We believe use scalpel instead meat axe protect consumer benefit" added. MCI Communications Corp FCC ease restriction ATT say encourage competition. Some industry analyst MCI proposal effort halt FCC-mandated price cut force ATT rival cut price erode profit industry. MCI lose 448.4 mln dlrs sale 3.59 billion dlrs year. The analyst proposal benefit MCI ATT longer impose price cut MCI follow cost fell industry. "I'm sort mystify comments" retort Herman district manager ATT. "ATT (if deregulated) intention passing cost reductions" added. Kimmelman legislative director Consumer Federation oppose deregulation left alternative ensure overcharge ATT. He FCC past instruct ATT reduce price company benefitting low cost increase consumer long-distance services. Without full regulatory authority longer happen added. Reuter 