Canada's sweep tax reform package announce step towards fairer bold revamp tax structure expect economist leader said. "It's big step towards tax reform we've take years" Merrill Lynch Canada Inc chief economist Michael Manford told Reuters. "But lot change oppose brand system" added. Manford change introduce Finance Minister Michael Wilson simplify federal tax system. They represent evolutionary revolutionary reform. "Overall I timid step lead believe" said. Wilson's move increase money collect corporation cut individual tax "is probably acceptable shift" Bill James president Falconbridge Ltd international mining company. Wilson spread corporate tax increase fairly evenly across corporate sector James said. "So it's hit anyone hard remain competitive." Wilson speech House Commons Canada's tax need change compete sweep reform United States year. "The critical corporate Wilson move tax closer U.S. System" Manford said. The federal government increase tax paid corporation five billion dlrs five lower personal tax 11 billion dlrs period. Despite collect corporate tax Wilson able low tax rate individual company remove special tax exemption broadening tax base. Wilson's plan reduce capital cost allowance company write major investment spokesman hurt run. "That affect investment decision negatively" Laurent Thiebeault Canadian Manufacturers Association president. Tax analyst industry day ass impact capital cost allowance reduction years. As anticipate Canada's opposition party signal intend fight tax measure introduce Parliament months. "It's tax reform it's tax grab" Liberal leader John Turner. Turner label change federal sale tax "a money machine minister finance." Wilson broaden federal sale tax include additional product promise introduce broad-based multi-staged sale tax. "It's fair package Canadians quickly" New Democratic Party leader Ed Broadbent said. However economist Manford Wilson act wisely protect low income Canadians provide tax credit cut 850000 tax rolls. Reuter 