American Express Co's AXP> president Louis Gerstner Jr. bear market effect company's long-term strategy. "I don't market go month period period six month period anything strategy" Gerstner told Reuters. "We built strategy company look anticipates lot change" said. Gerstner company's term strategy build maintain major position financial travel service industries. American Express 69 pct parent Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc SHE>. Gerstner comment share market tailspin. However American Express chairman James Robinson statement company endure market turbulence strong position far growth. "All brokerage firm money market go up" Gerstner told Reuters elaborating. Gerstner Shearson plan quit municipal bond activities. "Shearson Lehman Brothers tends adjust trend incremental steps. You do convulsive one-time change industry through" said. Shearson recently laid 150 London limit hire Gerstner American Express remains commit London market have global presence. "That Shearson couple hundred London anthill landscape we're discussing. We discuss long-term strategy" Gerstner said. Earlier American Express sell 13 pct stake Shearson Nippon Life Insurance Co Japan far 18 pct public. Gerstner move "had implication exit financial services." "Our committment globally represent Nippon tie-up dwarf decide reduce size department company subsidiaries" said. Many security firm stress merchant banking bolster earnings hurt bond market volatility slow retail drop underwriting volume. When player risky Gerstner "I can't comment firm Shearson follow feed frenzy direction merchant banking. We overreach." Gerstner spoke securitization repackaging debt marketable securities. "It imperative create security back fund flow LDC (lessor developed countries) debt program. It happen difficult create security current climate" Gerstner said. "Securitized product structure either retail institutional markets" Gerstner said. "If look junk bond phenomenom start mostly institutional buyers. Primarily mutual fund individual buyer become presense market. I'd guess we'd similiar situation LDC debt" said. "The fundamental happen (before sucessful securitization) debt burden country reduce amount money come commerical bank future call money commercial bank reduced" Gerstner said. Reuter 