The dollar near appropriate level European currency yen far fall damage confidence currency endanger economic growth top Bundesbank official said. Board member Leonhard Gleske told Forex Association conference current exchange rate major currency "can view equilibrium level medium-term perspective." He recent Paris agreement currency stabilisation policy coordination Group Five Canada herald "an era great exchange rate stability." The Paris agreement attempt permanent target zone exchange rate Gleske stress add target extremely difficult agree enforce international level. "At level dollar longer consider grossly overvalue relation European currency yen" Gleske said. He dollar fall currency trading nation Canada Korea Taiwan Hong Kong far fall necessary. But "a far dollar depreciation major European currency yen restore dollar fully competitive position measure weight external value" said. In far marked decline dollar rate hold major danger Gleske said. First country balance payment surplus Japan West Germany threaten hamper economic growth slow expansion real income domestic expenditure necessary wipe surpluses. Second United States damage investors' confidence dollar reduce willingness finance huge fiscal external payment deficit Gleske said. Gleske strongly sceptical international binding target zone currency fluctuate narrow band established. Such target threaten cause policy conflict "both country them." For instance U.S. Reliance foreign capital fund deficit require rate level domestic consideration call low ones. If target zone establish "pressure country reduce rate conflict domestic situation priorities" said. Gleske add "targeting exchange rate wide margin meet serious objection clearly perceive potential conflict domestic external policy priorities." Commenting Paris currency accord Gleske chance stabilise exchange rate rest heavily current rate differential maintained. These chance "seem rest critically expectation current configuration rate monetary policy behind assure smooth financing current account imbalance month ahead." Gleske past experience currency adjustment learn "that market inclined impatient tend overshoot." He "would seem unnecessary avoid possible." Monetary policy achieve market believe pledge change fiscal policy lead balance international payment said. REUTER 