Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer OPEC's December agreement stabilise oil price 18 dlrs barrel implement satisfactorily immediate change it. Nazer interview Reuters television news agency Visnews Saudi Arabia produce mln barrel (bpd) crude oil below OPEC quota. Saudi Arabia world's large oil exporter continue restrain production OPEC adhere pact Nazer said. The 13-nation OPEC agree December cut production ceiling 7.25 pct 15.8 mln bpd abide fix price average 18 dlrs barrel February 1. Nazer interview succeed Ahmed Zaki Yamani October said: "I foresee measure 25th June (next OPEC) meeting scheduled." Nazer OPEC produce below 15.8 mln bpd abide agreements. "We've heard news violation verified" said. OPEC production curb boost oil price 13-year low eight dlrs barrel August near 18 dlrs announcement December pact. Spot market price slip dlrs February firm past week near OPEC level trader gain confidence OPEC price output discipline. Nazer Saudi Arabia continue produce below 4.133 mln bpd quota necessary defend 18 dlr price. "As OPEC adhere devise December Saudi Arabia continue adhere agreement" said. Current production mln bpd include oil Neutral Zone share Kuwait sale float storage Nazer said. King Fahd Saudi Arabia interview Reuters Visnews March 11 kingdom want oil price stability call non-OPEC producer avoid harmful competition OPEC. "Saudi Arabia doesn't decide price certainly desire price stability" said. Nazer output level mean kingdom return role "swing producer" OPEC. Saudi Arabia allow output sink low mln bpd August 1985 compensate slack demand over-production OPEC states. "Saudi Arabia play role. It played OPEC membership reduction 15.8 mln bpd share OPEC market share OPEC" Nazer said. Nazer OPEC estimate demand oil third quarter 16.6 mln bpd. But circumstance change "I be sure OPEC consult necessary measures." Oil analyst OPEC pact strain demand petroleum product generally fall northern hemisphere spring summer. Nazer satisfied extent cooperation non-OPEC producers. Norway Egypt Soviet Union agree OPEC restrain production export visit OPEC's behalf earlier year. "We ask country anything. These programme necessary stabilise market condition themselves attain pricing conditions" Nazer said. He country decline cooperate -- Britain -- proposal fit. REUTER 