Ample supply OPEC crude weigh market help limit reverse oil price gain follow U.S. Strike Iranian oil platform Gulf earlier Monday analyst said. December load rise 19.65 dlrs 45 cent fall 19.05/15 unchanged Friday. "Fundamentals awful" Philip Lambert analyst stockbroker Kleinwort Grieveson add total OPEC production week October above 18.5 mln bpd little change September levels. Peter Nicol analyst Chase Manhattan Bank OPEC production 18.5-19.0 mln October. Reuter International Energy Agency (IEA) estimate OPEC September production 18.5 mln bpd. The U.S. Attack retaliation Friday's hit Kuwaiti oil product tanker fly U.S. Flag Sea Isle City. It struck missile believe Iranian Kuwaiti water hit U.S. Flag commercial vessel seven Iran/Iraq war. The U.S. Owned Liberian flag tanker Sungari hit Thursday believe struck Iranian missile. Refiners significant purchaser physical oil Monday result increase Gulf tension follow U.S. Attack analyst said. They closure Strait Hormuz eight mln bpd pass isnlikely interest U.S. Or Iran said. Any threat oil supply stem increase tanker attack widen Gulf hostility analyst said. But U.S. Strike limited reply Iranian missile attack describe responsible. Geoffrey Pyne analyst stockbroker Phillips Drew impressed sensible U.S. Response. "The U.S. Has carefully correspond Iranian agression. They prove Iranians far action met like-for-like response. Today's action U.S. Was escalatory" Pyne said. Kleinwort Grieveson's Lambert U.S. Strike "a responsible retaliation" U.S. Apparently indicate Iran increase severity attacksf Iran chose raise level conflict. Chase Manhattan's Nicol view however. He unable U.S. Had achieve Arab Kuwait Saudi Arabia whose interest U.S. Is supposedly defend feel secure result U.S. Attack fear sort Iranian retaliation. The initial upward market move morning reflect strong speculative reaction rumour U.S. Attack stage Iranian missile launcher Faw Peninsula close Kuwait analyst said. The downtrend follow confirmation U.S. Navy attack Iranian oil platform U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinburger. Market operator able evaluate situation Gulf basis confirm find serious profit take price low analyst trader said. REUTER 