Primary dealer U.K. Government gilt require underwrite government's offering security auction begin Mid-May Bank England said. In official notice release Bank "There formal informal underwriting arrangement auction Bank encourages gilt-edged market maker commitment market participate actively auction process." The Bank originally believe favour require dealer underwrite auction pattern U.S. Treasury market. However Treasury believe baulk request 27 market maker allotment commission discourage large institutional investor place order stock directly Bank England deny primary dealer customers. Commission pass customer order via primary dealer make expensive buy directly Bank. Market source Bank discussion dealer upcoming auction agree allotment commission reasonable dealer concurrent commitment buy auction regardless market conditions. Indeed Bank gilt dealer believe disappointed Treasury agree plan. However paper Bank suggest condition apply auction abandon modify future sale gilt prove inefficient unwieldy. Among item document Bank auction consist 1.25 billion stg conventional short-dated stock maturity seven less. Subsequent auction held 1987-88 financial billion stg long-dated stock have maturity 15 longer billion stg medium date stock seven 15 maturity. The remainder gilt-edged funding met traditional tap offering stock via government broker. To protect buyer newly auction stock Bank agree establish so-called fallow period 28-day period agrees issue stock type necessarily resume sell stock fallow period expires. In event price offer stock sell substantially line market condition Bank agree stock onto books. The bank free sell stock fallow period price below minimum tender price. The Bank initially auction allot bid price basis bidder allot stock price bid. However Bank reserve limit money market maker buying 25 pct single auction. The Bank widely believe concerned prevent single market maker corner stock drive price up. The Bank repeatedly signal intention prevent dealer corner market stock issue additional stock occasion market shortage. The Bank agree publish information auction result soon sale complete widely expect day. Information release include amount stock allot term competitive non-competitive bid high low average price successful bids. REUTER 