Three geographically diverse drought Asia link scientist reintensification complex little-understood El Nino weather pattern Accu-Weather Inc> commercial weather forecasting service said. Rice wheat farmer China wheat sugarcane grower Australia tea planter Sri Lanka serious loss respective harvest unless rain arrive break drought offical report government official meteorologist said. Wen Wei Po Hong Kong daily close Peking link drought bad 20 province adequate rainfall seven months. Rice plant threaten eight province added. Rainfall key farm province Henan Sichuan 70 pct below average February low figure 20 paper said. The dry weather cut store volume 20 pct compare March lower level river added. This result reduce hydro-electric cause shortage industry households. The upper reach Yangtze low level century cause ship run aground Wen Wei Po said. Unusually temperature report across China medium report said. The People's Daily Sichuan record temperature degree Celsius high average February. The New China News Agency average December temperature Harbin northeast six degree high December 14 degree high December 1984. Severe drought affect one-third Sri Lanka threatens reduce country's tea crop Ministry Plantation Industries official told Reuters In Australia concern grow below-average rainfall level part sugarcane belt Queensland coast Western Australia's wheat belt local Meteorological Bureau official said. For farmer government official fear low rainfall yet pose major threat prospect dry autumn/winter season wheat crop stage certainly added. Concern heighten memory 1982/83 drought devastate wheat crop coincide occurrence barely understood weather phenomenon know El Nino said. Although meteorologist cautious link Asia-Pacific region's disrupt weather pattern single cause El Nino's role closely study said. Accu-Weather Inc specialises provide data agriculture shipping interest El Nino 'event' unique. The El Nino produce effect occurrence pronounce major event 1982/83 said. El Nino Spanish "Christ Child" appear Christmas form action warm air bearing cloud rain shift Indonesian archipelago coast Peru mingles cold water associate Peru current return across Pacific trade wind meteorologist said. The wind strengthen El Nino's "pump" effect raise sea level Australia Indonesia said. When wind drop ocean seek equilibrium sends surge warmer across Pacific collides cold sea Peru said. One effect heat exchange deflect rain-bearing cloud Australia Indonesia Pacific far disrupt weather patterns. The prospect drought vary Accu-Weather said. China affected area receive 40 75 pct normal rainfall wait May-September rain said. The May-September rain normally provide drought-striken area 80 pct annual rainfall. In Australia area Queensland's coastal strip receive half normal rainfall current wet season prospect increase rain diminish rainy season draw end. In Sri Lanka drought rainfall maximum year. The year's secondary rain usually occur April June stage forecast whether arrive usual. REUTER 