American Express Co's plan sell stake Shearson Lehman Brothers believe prelude offering share brokerage unit analyst said. American Express earlier understand Nippon Life Insurance Co Japan sell 13 pct Shearson 530 mln dlrs. The statement trigger rise brokerage stock investor speculate possibility investment U.S. brokerage industry Japanese concerns. The stock brokerage firm climbed response relatively value Nippon stake U.S. firm. Analysts 530 mln dlrs 13 pct represent price 2.7 time book value. Perrin Long Lipper analytical brokerage stock depressed somewhat dark cloud U.S. insider trading scandal close February market value 1.8 time book value. American Express trading 78-1/4 3/8. For week stock strong rumor spinoff Shearson. Analysts American Express Shearson unit benefit door Nippon Life increasingly Tokyo financial markets. "I honesty preliminary step" Long. "What probably future American Express sell additional 17 pct market vehicle Shearson" Long said. "Normally investor major capital commitment illiquid situation" Nippon. Some analyst previously speculate 20 pct stake Shearson sell public. They firm investment bank need capital expand globally. American express total employee shearson expand 20 pct 1987 internationally. However substantially low growth company spokesman said. American Express official comment beyond statement morning. That statement close possibility offering option Shearson. David Anthony Smith Barney analyst Shearson partially sell public. But believe firm digest Nippon investment first. "I they'll figure they're money have" said. Joan Goodman analyst Pershing Co American Express determine sell share public. In statement financial service giant continue study various plan Shearson addition investment Nippon. American Express option study range expand Shearson's capacity meet international competition broadening access capital. American Express option reflect continue integral role Shearson American Express' worldwide financial service strategy. Shearson follow Goldman Sachs Co find Japanese partner. Goldman sell 12.5 pct stake Sumitomo Bank exchange 500 mln dlr capital infusion. Analysts speculate matches. "Those (U.S. brokers) company expertise. They don't money. There's internal capital growth" Wertheim analyst James Hanbury follow U.S. brokerage companies. Hanbury Japanese company flush cash interested expertise American brokers. "Those (Japanese) company capital company capital need growth opportunity money. That's nice marriage" said. Morgan Stanley Co MS> rise 4-1/4 74-7/8. First Boston Corp FBC> 51-1/4. E.F. Hutton Group EFH> rise 1-1/4 41-1/8 PaineWebber Group PWJ> climbed 7/8 37-3/4. Merrill Lynch Co recommend PaineWebber analyst rise 2-5/8 45-3/8. Reuter 