Royal Trustco Ltd> move unique Canadian trust company pursue bold global expansion someday lift foreign share yearly earnings 50 pct president Michael Cornelissen said. First Marathon Securities Ltd financial service analyst Michael Walsh Royal Trust's international growth target attainable. But "will tremendous achievement ... they're build international earnings base large earnings lot significant domestic trust companies" Walsh said. Global operation 22 pct Royal Trust's 154 mln dlr 1986 net profit post 33 pct profit growth expect 15 pct jump total company profit Cornelissen told Reuters interview. He foreign share total profit rise 26 pct 1987 44 pct 1990. Royal Trust Canada's large trust company asset 19.54 billion Canadian dlrs operate internationally 1929 open London bank. Its aggressive global strategy 1980s Canadian trust equivalent U.S. saving loan focus domestic retail banking. The company's overseas ambition whet heighten domestic competition impressive growth London bank operation attain full British banking power 1980 Cornelissen said. Last Royal Trust move continental Europe Asia 239 mln Canadian dlr acquisition Dow Chemical Co DOW>'s Dow Financial Services Corp include asset management merchant private banking companies. "It heaven-sent opportunity" Cornelissen Dow Financial acquisition. "We achieve otherwise take five 10 up." Cornelissen stress Royal Trust shun direct competition major global financial institution activity international lending stock brokerage exploit "profitable niches" overseas traditional trust activity asset management private banking advisory services. He Royal Trust hop complete negotiation "before month" sell London-based Savory Milln brokerage acquire Dow Financial deal. "The international market miniscule share growth opportunity really limited energy desire business" add trust-type service "we don't international market well-served." Aiding Royal Trust's foreign growth great foreign investment North America increase Canadian investment abroad Cornelissen said. Central Royal Trust's strategy Asia boasting rapid economic growth huge pool Japanese capital Cornelissen whose company administers asset 71.85 billion dlrs Canadian trust. Citing statistic indicate 2000 Asia contain two-thirds world's population 50 pct global productive capacity Cornelissen "We there." Royal Trust's 14 international location include office Tokyo Hong Kong Singapore. The company recently list share Tokyo Stock Exchange. The Royal Trust president company stress growth overseas unit add foresee acquisition "immediate future" "we wide opportunities." Asked Royal Trust's plan U.S. company abandon 1983 sale Florida bank unit Cornelissen company face trust service market cover hundred regional banks. "That doesn't mean shouldn't U.S." Cornelissen. "That probably probably five years." He company continue emphasize Canadian market Cornelissen financial service analyst agree remain vital Royal Trust. Proposed government regulation allow Canadian bank trust insurance security dealer full participation another's actitivies mean domestic competition Royal Trust "but drastically more" Cornelissen said. Reuter 