The Bundesbank likely steer steady monetary course week change credit policy expect tomorrow's regular central bank council meeting bank economist dealer said. "There action" Hermann Remsperger chief economist Berliner Handels- Frankfurter Bank (BHF) said. Others note exchange rate stable month's Group Six agreement Paris central bank money stock growth above six pct target zone change credit policy rule out. One money market dealer comment Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl private seminar Duesseldorf week ago hint rate cut indicate Bundesbank act condition changed. Bank economist U.S. Pressure West Germany far ease credit policy recede Paris pact. But demand re-emerge West Germany fail stimulate economy affect massive U.S. Trade deficit. Remsperger continued strong money supply growth preclude far cut official rates. Central bank money stock grow annualized 7.5 pct February unchanged 7.5 pct January. Economists 18 central bank council worried continued overshoot money supply target bound resist move cut rates. But Poehl played risk inflation. Economists money stock growth remain stable month success. Some likely return target range year. "The special factor boost money supply growth disappearing" economist said. He 75 pct money supply increase 1986 cause sharp rise inflow foreign funds. This trend reverse recently domestic credit demand likely remain steady level money stock growth expect narrow medium-term. These development increase Bundesbank's scope rate cut medium-term economist said. Money market dealer period rate remain little change indicate change credit policy expected. Call money rate decline 3.75/80 pct 3.90/95 yesterday market stock liquidity. Dealers call money soft tax payment behalf customer expect far. But rate likely tighten soon full effect month's major tax payment period felt. Payments federal railway bond likely burden market. The Bundesbank inject liquidity via security repurchase agreement week counter tighten rate Monday inject fund government-owned banks. Dealers recent security repurchase pact show Bundesbank clearly want call money rate stable 3.80. One dealer "If central bank want low rate drive call money rate down." Banks remain relatively stock minimum reserve assets. They held 52.9 billion mark minimum reserve Monday average 53.7 billion mark 16 day March. A requirement 51 billion expected. REUTER 