Phillips Petroleum Co emphasize improve short-term cash flow pare debt C.J. "Pete" Silas chairman told Reuters interview. "Our priority cash flow increase asset already installed" decline estimate annual cash flow 1987. Analysts estimate Phillips" cash flow billion dlrs 1987 term debt result restructuring corporate raider 1985 hovers 5.9 billion dlrs December 1986. Silas Phillips hope achieve goal raise capital expenditure budget develop oil gas properties. "We plan develop property short-term cash flow prospects" said. He project capital expenditure budget 730 mln dlrs 1986 expenditure 655 mln dlrs. Nearly half spent exploration production spend overseas Silas said. "Phillips' top priority 1987 waterflooding Norway jack (Ekofisk) oil field improve ability extract oil increase earnings" Silas said. Phillips estimate project expect cost 1.5 billion dlrs increase recovery 170 mln gross barrel oil period 24 years. Phillips pursue opportunity China Silas seek "a modification term Chinese government oil discovery (in offshore Xijang fields) commercially viable." In U.S. Silas Phillips hope Point Arguello Calif. field start fourth quarter. "We expect start platform then" Silas said. But emphasis short-term cash flow force company oil gas assets. Phillips sell interest T-Block U.K. North Sea U.S. reserve total 1.3 billion dlrs 1986 billion dlrs asset sale complete Silas said. "We sell cost produce assets. They value possibly someone else" Silas said. Silas 1986 asset sale affect earnings company. "Everything do manage cash flow use manage debt. Even asset sale regrettable necessary reduce debt" Silas said. He asset sale plan oil price don't fall sharply low stay low level months. "Then everyone look sale (of assets) we're others" Silas said. In area Silas look improve earnings Phillips chemical operation provide 299 mln dlrs earnings 1986 219 mln dlrs 1985. "This push supply demand balance product low feedstock energy cost operations" Silas "In 1987 market's supply demand balance feedstock energy cost rise due price recovery." Reuter 