Disagreement management San Miguel Corp> (SMC) follow Philippine government's appointment well-known banker SMC board investment analyst said. They told Reuters presence United Coconut Planters Bank> (UCPB) president Ramon Sy board SMC mean change SMC management decade control president Andres Soriano. Sy appoint government commission control 51 pct San Miguel's stock nominee resigned. The Presidential Commission Good Government (PCGG) hold six seat 15-member SMC board represent 33.13 mln sequester shares. The stock seize suspicion own Eduardo Cojuangco chairman UCPB San Miguel. He close associate depose president Ferdinand Marcos left country Marcos's fall. Before seizure Soriano lead 3.3 billion peso bid share pay UCPB 500 mln peso deposit. The bid value share 100 pesos. They trade 93 peso 95.50 Friday's close. Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin told reporter Saturday Sy definitely sit SMC board despite objection director associate Soriano. "I don't conflict such" said. "I potentially concerned see situation contentious atmosphere board. But Sy assure (the government) intend behave contentious manner" Ongpin added. The Soriano cite conflict oppose Sy's directorship. Its lawyer letter PCGG pending suit seek forfeiture SMC's 500 mln peso deposit major undisclosed damage brewery represent clear conflict. UCPB sought board representation Sy's appointment petition PCGG "so interest owner 33 mln share adequately protected." Investment analyst poll Reuters UCPB slot SMC board trustee coconut farmer claim ownership dispute shares. The analyst Sy back government probably suggest replacement PCGG nominee expect resign soon keep law prohibit government official work private companies. SMC's annual election schedule May. A UCPB spokesman decline comment say PCGG decide whom appoint. One analyst objection understandable found company 97 ago. "It natural instinct self-preservation Soriano" said. SMC post net income 448.8 mln peso 1985 net sale 10.99 billion peso 422.3 mln 1984 sale 10.36 billion. REUTER 