U.K. Bankers laud outgo U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker achievement past eight express uncertainty economist Alan Greenspan nominate President Reagan succeed him. "One Volcker's great achievement continuity stability give international markets" Carlos Santistevan executive director Libra Bank Plc. However uncertain Greenspan fill role degree said. Greenspan head financial consult firm Townesend Greenspan Associates Inc Chairman Council Economic Advisers Ford Administration. "He prominent know figure U.S." David Lomax Group Economics Adviser National Westminster Bank Plc described Greenspan "orthodox Republican economist" suit get U.S. Economy track Volcker. But banker London unfamiliar Greenspan's view domestic international economics international debt crisis. "I sad Volcker go. He central banker repute protect U.S. And international banking system" Libra's Santistevan. Volcker know understands problem face indebted country add unlikely Greenspan familiar personality involved. For reason expect little change Fed's approach debt crisis U.S. Commercial bank harder line deal add billion dollar reserve loss third debt. Another senior banker deal Latin American debt doubt change post-Volcker reasons. He despite U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's debt initiative call great contribution bank government multilateral organization government's little try improve situation leave bulk responsibility hand bankers. Despite Fed's independence central government question impact Greenspan come job close Presidential election. News Volcker seek third term hit financial market hard. The U.S. Dollar fell sharply foreign exchange market report concert central bank intervention Fed Bundesbank help recover somewhat. Prices Eurodollar denominate bond fell price U.S. Treasury bond trade lose point. But despite disruption market Lloyds Bank Plc's Group Economic Adivser Christopher Johnson announcement well-timed recent rise dollar mark yen. In recent statement U.S. Officials dollar fall White House briefing announce nomination Greenspan "there certainly evidence" dollar bottom out. However economist believe recent rise dollar temporary fall far America's huge trade deficit begin reverse. "The dollar far fall years" Lloyds Bank's Johnson. He add soft landing. Like economist Johnson anxious hear Greenspan's testify Congressional confirmation hearings. "He everything establish credibility. We hear view inflation outlook rates" said. Some banker criticize Volcker take hard stance combat inflation late 1970's tighten U.S. Monetary policy push rate record levels. "He tighten Republicans want relaxed stance Latin American debt crisis erupt (in 1982)" National Westminster's Lomax said. Lomax Greenspan appoint inherit agreement enter Volcker Group Five industrial nation dollar. However danger lie dollar stability maintain monetary policy tight. Too firm monetary policy send U.S. Into recession welcome European counterpart said. Reuter 