Lower production coconut palm oil lead decline vegetable oil stock despite grow supply oilseed senior oilseed analyst Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Mario Balletto said. Balletto told conference Canadian farmer Alberta Agriculture's annual farm outlook conference vegetable oil situation potentially tight supplies. "Prices edible oil appear upside potential reflect strong demand unprecedented decline production tree oils" Balletto said. Balletto estimate production palm coconut palm kernel oil 8.5 mln tonne 9.1 mln tonne offset high oilseed output. He estimate total vegetable oil production 33.4 mln tonne 33.0 mln disappearance 34.0 mln tonne 32.6 mln. Unless oilseed crush increase sharply disappearance vegetable oil exceed production 600000 tonne large deficit 1976. "If protein meal demand stagnates limit crush soybean ... serious supply ration edible oil sector develop" said. "This relatively favorable price oil yield seeds" Balletto said. Oilseeds remain depressed price burdensome supply said. World end stock oilseed estimate increase fourth straight record 28.4 mln tonne compare 25.4 mln year. The increase result low disappearance production expect fall 184.0 mln tonne 185.7 mln said. World soybean production 1987 total record 98.9 mln tonne 90.6 mln previous Balletto production oilseed lower. Higher soybean production South America Europe low production United States said. Soybeans account bulk surplus U.S. stock Balletto said. The Commodity Credit Corporation own 12.7 mln tonne half soybean surplus said. Since 1983-84 oilseed stock increase 13.1 mln tonnes. "During period U.S. soybean stock increase 12.1 mln tonne become dump ground entire surplus courtesy CCC highlight artificially price cause U.S. loan program." "Soybean price extent oilseed price likely dominate loan U.S. soybean surplus continues. For 1987 crop price likely hover range tie U.S. loan program. "Upside potential price limited huge supply overhang strong underlie support provide U.S. loan rate." The likely bad artificially price encourage producer South America Canada Australia shift grain oilseed Balletto said. Reuter 