The Philippine panel charge recover illegal wealth accumulate former President Ferdinand Marcos associate control fund circulate country's economy. Ramon Diaz Chairman Presidential Commission Good Government (PCGG) told Reuters interview: "There reason believe crony President Marcos able hide million million peso fled. As matter able hold crate newly print currency." Diaz figure said: "We believe lot funds. These fund come elections. These fund stage coups." He refer congressional election schedule May 11 coup attempt face President Corazon Aquino topple Marcos ago. Diaz PCGG recover cash property value eight billion peso sequester share stock 286 firms. "We achieve achieve year" added. The PCGG Aquino February 1986 sweep power sequestration seizure inspection bank accounts. Diaz panel's main task gather evidence legal prosecution. "But sequester file legal objection shoot ask questions" said. He dividend seize share held trust fund pending court verdict add Marcos associate confession wealth. He name them. "They concerned afraid name appear happen them" said. The government week announce businessman Antonio Floirendo associate Marcos know "banana king" 70 mln peso cash PCGG promise surrender title property New York Hawaii worth 180 mln pesos. In return PCGG lift freeze sequestration order Floirendo's properties. Diaz already similar preliminary agreement Marcos associate Roberto Benedicto. He Benedicto surrender control newspaper radio television station agree PCGG control board bank hotel own Philippines. Diaz PCGG base estimate illegal wealth income-tax return land title Marcos associates. "Anything above report income -- that's recover" said. He decision PCGG week probe street certificate held broker Manila's stock exchange prompt suspicion illegal fund circulation. Street certificate describe security held name broker nominee instead customer permit easy trading transfer. Share price exchange react nervously Tuesday news probe leaked. The composite index Manila Stock Exchange fell 18.61 point 451.51 Makati Stock Exchange slip 1.7326 point close 63.0618. There slight recovery follow day. The president exchange appeal Diaz carry probe discreetly investor scar say street certificate necessarily indicate "anomalous transactions." "It's unfortunate (news probe) leak papers" Diaz said. Diaz PCGG suspicion arouse stock market boom past year. The Manila Stock Exchange composite index jumped 224 pct 131.32 424.81 1986. "One function asset sequester hand (Marcos) cronies" said. "We sure stock exchange manipulate crony maybe launder peso price skyrocketing." Diaz PCGG limit probe sequester stock brewery giant San Miguel Corp Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co mining conglomerate Benguet Corp Oriental Petroleum Minerals Corp. Shares company frequently trade stock exchanges. Diaz meeting head exchange Thursday PCGG act prudently investigation street certificate add panel support government effort create favourable investment climate. REUTER 