Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson's remark yesterday suggest precise exchange rate target pound undermined sterling dash hope cut U.K. Base rate analyst said. But market's reaction test exchange rate level indicate Lawson probably overdone longer term outlook sterling remain bullish agreed. In apparent break previous policy secrecy Lawson told National Economic Development Council meeting comfortable sterling exchange rate current level specify rate 1.90 mark 1.60 dlrs. Lawson add U.K. Government intend keep sterling level use currency intervention rate achieve this. The February 22 Paris agreement Group Five Canada stabilise exchange rate widely believe include target range participant meeting refuse specify these. Markets quick react statement chop U.S. Cent pfennig pound match level mention Lawson. But analyst poll believe Lawson's statement signal change U.K. Policy. Keith Skeoch chief economist stockbroker James Capel Co "the remark blown proportion. Lawson pay little bit slip tongue." Barclays de Zoete Wedd economist Mark Brett "there fantastic Chancellor's statement." He believe rate indicate Chancellor precise target merely represent central rate sterling allow fluctuate 10 pct. "It insane pinpoint exchange rate ahead election ... I don't believe Lawson mad tie fix rate" Brett said. Currency market keen official statement clarify scope Paris accord reactivate currency trading. This mood easily lead over-reaction analyst said. "Making similar statement market strung ready bounce mistake" senior dealer U.S. Bank said. Capel's Skeoch "it give foreign exchange market shoot at." "It obvious government member Group Six agree exchange rate bands. But cut stone change time" Skeoch said. Brett "we 2.90 mark level central rate. Give 10 pfennig fine." Not analyst played significance remark however. Chris Dunn economist Royal Bank Canada remark signal decisive move insulate sterling fortune dollar. Although two-thirds Britain's trade conduct European country sterling traditionally shadow dollar mark analyst noted. "Britain decide whether want follow U.S. Or throw lot Europe" Dunn said. "It suggests U.K. Is actually apply join European Monetary System seek protection shadow ... The Bundesbank clear want U.K. To clarify position relative mark" said. Analysts sterling's dip currency market follow Lawson's remark half-point cut U.K. Base rate current 10 pct level unlikely short term. "Over week cut unless extremely economic indicators" Capel's Skeoch said. Base rate cut twice one-half March March 17 budget presentation analyst expect half cut shortly afterwards. REUTER 