An unexpectedly heavy 4.4 billion stg surge U.K. September sterling bank lending unlikely nudge Bank England towards tighten monetary policy sterling remains robust economist said. An acute crisis confidence equity market past day subdue personal consumer credit demand largely behind growth lending. "In normal course event market extremely worried figure" note Peter Spencer U.K. Economist Credit Suisse First Boston. After initial dip reaction bank lending data compare won stg August rise U.K. Government bond (gilts) soar investor continued flee plummetting equity relative security government securities. Equity market drop sharply news touch day's low 1766.7 FTSE 100 index data stag recovery. Sterling held buoyant tone throughout. U.K. Money market rate similarly calm response resume slightly easy trend earlier morning little token blip figure out. Noting huge rise credit extend bank circumstance prompt market fear rise clearing bank base rate current 10 pct "With financial market do they're do that's Bank England do" Spencer said. "The monetary situation clearly bad sterling firm authority unlikely rate up" Kevin Boakes chief U.K. Economist Greenwell Montagu Gilt Edged. Boakes point rise narrow money measure M0 5.2 pct year-on-year August's 4.5 pct growth cause concern Treasury. But "The overall broad money growth slow encourage sign" note Paul Temperton U.K. Economist Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. He point fall year-on-year growth rate M3 broad money aggregate 19.5 pct September August's 22 pct. It concern credit growth prompt Bank England engineer rise U.K. Bank base rate 10 pct August caution endorse subsequently news massive 4.9 billion stg July rise bank lending. Temperton note particular focus bank worry period behaviour U.K. Asset markets. Housing equity key asset market influence consumer behaviour said. In precipitous fall U.K. Equity market past day "There certainly straightforward impact consumer spending retail sales" Temperton said. "Almost certainly look forward slow growth consumer borrowing equity shakeout continues" added. "I stock market decide bank lending figure past...We talk serious panic flight quality" Spencer said. A U.K. Treasury official look monetary information bank lending add monetary aggregate grow slowly bank lending. Senior banking source note surge bank lending evidence continue recent trend fairly heavy personal sector borrowing. Figures Banking Information Service show personal sector lending U.K. Clearing bank rise 1.66 billion stg September 978 mln stg August rise. Much rise reflect quarterly payments. REUTER 