Governments major Asian produce country welcome conclusion International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA) grower trader unhappy development accord view poll Reuter correspondents. Officials Malaysia Indonesia Thailand produce bulk world's rubber expect pact continue stabilise price rubber industry remain viable long-term. But trader grower pact buffer stock mechanism likely interefere free market force prevent sharp rubber price rises. The INRA replace current expires October 22 formally adopt world's producer consumer Geneva Friday. It signature U.N. Headquarters New York May 1 December 31 enter force provisionally ratify country accounting 75 pct rubber export 75 pct imports. Malaysian Primary Industries Minister Lim Keng Yaik formal adoption pact dispel fear liquidation 360000 tonne INRA buffer stock rubber depression prices. He express confidence INRA continue keep price stable sell buying rubber price rise fell buffer stock system. Malaysia happy INRA financing purchase normal buffer stock 400000 tonne contingency buffer stock 150000 tonne direct cash contribution said. Under exist pact borrow bank finance INRA's buffer stock purchases. This view concern fear INRA indebted ultimately collapse International Tin Agreement. "This ensure buffer stock operation carry financial encumbrance" Lim said. Malaysia world's large producer seek cabinet approval join INRA hop producer consumer said. Officials Jakarta pact bring benefit Indonesia's rubber industry's stabilise prices. It unlikely collapse tin agreement financial provision tighten said. Thai official told Reuters optimistic pact viable strictly limited extent debt INRA buffer stock manager commit market operations. Malaysian grower prefer free rubber market INRA tendency keep price level acceptable consumers. "With INRA's ability keep price stable level consumer assure rubber fix price producer sharp price rises" Malaysian Rubber Producers Council source told Reuters. Producers want free rubber market overhang 360000 tonne INRA buffer stock psychologically prevent price rise said. State plantation official Sri Lanka price depressed INRA's inception creation buffer stock unlikely rise. Sri Lanka member INRA expensive maintain buffer stock added. Traders region meanwhile price pressure pact term potential stabilise price buffer stock capacity spur producer produce more. Most Malaysian Singapore trader pact's conclusion little impact price unlikely allow sharp price fluctuation future. "The 360000 tonne INRA buffer stock liquidate free market returned" Malaysian trader said. Japanese trader pact chance success producer consumer adopt question ability financially-strapped producer finance buffer stock operations. REUTER 