American Express Co rumor consider spinoff Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc study range option brokerage unit improve Shearon's access capital meet broadening international competition. In joint statement American Express Shearson action consideration integral American Express' worldwide financial service strategy company have internal external discussion matters. American Express decision reach strategic option Shearson ultimately decide follow growth plan already place. Last week rumor circulate Wall Street financial service giant consider spinoff Shearson speculation consider sell stake Japanese firm. Analysts speculation focus American Express sell 20 pct profitable brokerage firm public. There speculation American Express consider total spinoff Shearson plan consider highly unlikely analyst said. American Express statement Sunday comment rumor speculation spokesman beyond statement. The company remain silent Thursday Friday rumor drove American Express stock total 5-1/2 dlrs day bring Friday close 74. It issue statement Sunday similar statement circulate employees. Analysts divide whether make American Express stake wholly-owned brokerage improve after-tax earnings 50 pct year. Some analyst American Express consider spin Shearson concerned stock price fully reflect value brokerage firm. Shearson contribute 316 mln dlrs American Express' 1.25 billion dlr net 1986. American Express' ambitious plan international growth enhance add cash spin Shearson bring. Analysts speculate Shearson market value 3.5 billion dlrs. To add capital puzzling. "(American) Express position raise capital to" Larry Eckenfelder Prudential-Bache Securities. Analysts rumor fed reorganization Shearson management Wednesday. Chief operating officer Jeffrey Lane add previously vacant post president. The reorganization create position chairman Shearson's operating division move analyst speculate allow Shearson stand alone company. Analysts contact Sunday statement little clarify week's market speculation. It confirm financial service firm unsuccessfully attempt expand Shearson major acquisition look beyond wall growth position global market competition. Late Shearson's takeover offer E.F. Hutton Group Inc reject Hutton analyst speculation Shearson rebuffed approach major Wall Street brokerage. Reuter 