Speculation abroad Bundesbank steer money market rate low opening rate cut Europe share economist money market dealer Germany. Speculation developed Bundesbank engineer low rate pressure dollar/mark. A strong rise U.S. Market rate month prompt speculation Fed raise 5-1/2 pct discount rate raise question whether Germany Japan broaden rate differential support dollar. The U.S.-Japanese trade dispute key rate outlook money market dealer Paris said. Talks week Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone President Reagan successful pressure dollar dealer economist said. Short term rate likely ease trade dispute solve dollar steady said. But solution found Paris dealer renew dollar fall strain mark/French franc rate force Bank France raise short-term rates. The three-month U.S. Treasury bill rate rise six pct week 5.6 pct start April yield 30-year benchmark treasury bond rise week Tokyo 14-month 8.86 pct 7.66 pct late March. The dollar stabilize below 1.80 mark above 140 yen underpinned high U.S. Rates Fed discount rate speculation. But dealer expect weaken far pressure Bundesbank ease rates. Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa yesterday U.S. Had request Japan cut short-term rates. The Bank Japan make effort add U.S. Had cut Japan's 2.5 pct discount rate move Bank Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita consideration. A call German move yesterday Dutch central bank president Wim Duisenberg Dutch central bank favour cut West German rate follow suit happened. Citibank AG April report expect phase dollar weakness prompt Bundesbank cut key money market rate six months. The Bundesbank fix rate 3.80 pct repurchase pact February call money trading 3.70 pct April. Phillips Drew senior European economist Richard Reid Bundesbank allow rate ease far either low fix rate tender tender rate allow market rate. "I'm fairly confident we'll low rates" said. Reid take 30 basis point repurchase rate little impact German economy fundamental exchange rate change market currency perceptions. "A cut German rate wouldn't bad dollar I effect limited duration unless accompany measure elsewhere" said. Money market dealer note speculation abroad Bundesbank push repurchase rate Bundesbank little reason cut rate far moment despite liquid market see month. The dealer Bundesbank likely move rate tender repurchase pact month. That see sign ease monetary policy said. The Bundesbank merely experiment rate tender follow introduction speed tender process start April said. Reinhard Pohl monetary policy section DIW economic research institute West Berlin Bundesbank probably cut rate repurchase pacts. "I don't cut repurchase rate little stop wave (currency) speculation" said. But sharp sudden deterioration dollar force Bundesbank action said. Pohl Bundesbank concerned cut rate accelerate excessive monetary growth. Some Bundesbank official argue recently monetary overshoot due strong currency inflow credit growth therefore appropriate response excessive money supply growth cut rate mark mark investment attractive. Pohl Bundesbank hop domestic investor switch fund park liquid short-term account swollen central bank money stock security Bundesbank's key monetary measure. A cut rate stage lead investor assume rate bottom move upwards. They therefore hold buying bond leave central bank money stock swollen. There sign German investor switch fund term security Bundesbank hope Berliner Handels- und Frankfurter Bank economist Hermann Remsperger said. But Phillips Drew's Reid prospect low rate strong currency attract foreign investor German bond turn attract domestic investors. Werner Rein chief economist Union Bank Switzerland Zurich likely rate continue drift low European countries. "The scope low rate probably great Britain limited West Germany consolidation" said. Switzerland force match cut German rate prevent franc rise far mark said. Currency dealer London half-point cut U.K. Bank base rate likely week pound shrug yesterday's cut rising. REUTER 