Japan's little-known Ministry Posts Telecommunications (MPT) emerge international force reckon political analyst said. MPT thrust spotlight trade row U.S. And Britain position strength due control lucrative industry tie politician said. "The ministry stand athwart regulatory control key industrial sector telecommunication information" diplomatic source. "They potent political force" diplomatic source said. But MPT find domestic political prowess come trade friction diplomacy analyst said. "The ministry minor ministry internationalized" Waseda University professor Mitsuru Uchida. "Suddenly they're stand centre community they're loss (as to) situation." Most recently ministry embroil row London effort Britain's Cable Wireless Plc keep major stake consortium try compete Japan's lucrative overseas telephone business. The ministry favour merger rival group argue market cannot support competitor Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co Ltd monopolizes business. It oppose major management role plan merger non-Japanese overseas telecommunication firm ground international precedent exists. The ministry's stance outrage London threaten retaliate Washington say merger plan evidence Japan's failure honour pledge telecommunication market. Washington angry ministry move say limited access U.S. Firms Japan's car telephone satellite communication market. Much MPT's prominence stem growth sector regulates. "What happen shift economy make ministry place" James Abegglen consult firm Asia Advisory Service Inc. A decision telecommunication industry competition law pass 1985 boost lessen MPT's authority analyst said. "With legal framework ease become de facto legal framework" Bache Securities (Japan) analyst Darrell Whitten. Close link powerful political faction ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) nurture former Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka key MPT's influence analyst said. "Other faction ignore MPT (in 1970s) Tanaka faction forward look ... Recognized importance MPT" Uchida said. Many former bureaucrat become influential political added. The ministry financial sector due 100000 billion yen worth deposit Postal Savings System analyst said. MPT help block Finance Ministry plan deregulate rate deposit key element financial liberalisation change remove Postal Savings System's ability offer slightly high rate bank said. Diplomatic source frustrate MPT's obstructionist protectionist posture characterize ministry feudal. Critics charge MPT protect turf limit competition shelter former monopoly wing. Providing consumer service low price take seat consideration said. But ministry's action unlike bureaucratic counterpart Western include Britain analyst said. "The United States really odd out" Abegglen said. "For government view want keep utility market unusual and/or unreasonable view" said. REUTER 