Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone visit Washington month bid defuse mount U.S. Anger Japanese trade policy Western diplomat believe chance success slim. Boxed powerful political pressure group widespread opposition tax reform plan Nakasone hard-pressed anything tell U.S. President Ronald Reagan key U.S. Congressmen said. News week-long visit start April 29 coincide news Japan record 8.14 billion dlr trade surplus month 70 pct high earlier. It Reagan Administration's Economic Policy Council decide retaliatory action Japan allege failure live joint trade agreement computer microchips. Nakasone want arm separate package - design pep Japan's sag economy import short-term redirect country medium term over-dependence export growth. But government official political infighting rob package punch prevent see day. Nakasone insist government draw package short-term economic measure 1987/88 budget pass parliament fear amount tacit admission budget inadequate. But hope quick passage budget trip shatter parliamentary boycott opposition party protest sale tax plan. Faced possibility U.S. Virtually empty-handed Nakasone order ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) measures. He tell Reagan LDP package form basis government's plan lose parliament budget political analyst said. Officials work government's short-term economic package probably include rate cut loan government corporation deregulation measure pas benefit strong yen consumer form low price accelerate investment. They record portion investment plan entire 1987/88 fiscal half probably 80 pct. Diplomats unlikely satisfy Reagan pressure Democrat-controlled U.S. Congress great action cut huge American trade deficit. To complement short-term measure Nakasone likely Reagan detail Japan's longer-term economic plans. A high-ranking advisory body head former Bank Japan governor Haruo Maekawa expect final report outline concrete step redirect economy day Nakasone schedule leave Washington. Its recommendation design follow-up Maekawa's report economic restructuring likely cover potentially politically explosive area agricultural reform land policy official said. While want report explicit detailed political reality force committee's recommendations. A subcommittee consider Japanese economy look medium longer term undergoes massive restructuring official said. The subcommittee project current account surplus fall pct Japan's total output gross product 1993 1995. Last surplus measure trade good service amount pct gnp. The subcommittee project annual economic growth Japan nearly pct period gradual appreciation yen 130 dollar 1993 150 now. REUTER 