Chances International Coffee Organization ICO executive board meeting week agree resume negotiation export quota soon look remote ICO delegate trade source said. ICO observer doubt Brazil key consume country ready sufficient ground convince reopen negotiation worthwhile said. ICO talk quota month broke eight day producer consumer fail reach agreement. "Since see sign change position it's difficult positive outcome stage" Brazilian delegate Lindenberg Sette said. But quota negotiate sometime said. The U.S. indicate dialogue quota Brazil flexible refuse low export share negotiation delegate said. At week's March 31-April 2 meeting 16-member ICO board schedule discus current market situation reintroduction quota verification stock administrative matter accord draft agenda. The Brazilian Coffee Institute president Jorio Dauster Assistant U.S. Trade Representative Jon Rosenbaum chief Colombian delegate Jorge Cardenas attend meeting signal market watcher non-event negotiate quota concerned. "I imagine lot politick producer behind close door proposal September (the schedule council meeting)" Bronwyn Curtis Landell Mills Commodities Studies said. Traders delegate see sign date earlier council meeting. If stalemate continue longer analyst expect coffee agreement operating quota remainder September 30 1989. When talk broke U.S. Brazil large coffee consumer producer respectively blame sabotage negotiation refuse compromise. Brazil want maintain previous export quota share allocate 30 pct coffee export consumer producer press share redistribute use "objective criteria" threaten Brazil's share. At recent meeting Managua Latin American producer Costa Rica Honduras willing objection eight ICO "dissident" producer aside stem damage decline price Nicaraguan External Trade Minister Alejandro Martinez Cuenca told reporter Saturday. He London brief producer Managua meeting. However producer aware move producer solidarity. London coffee price close 1276 stg tonne 1550 begin March. Reuter 