Slow progress talk Brazil major foreign creditor increase likelihood U.S. bank declare loan Brazil non-performing quarter banker said. Several bank cite Brazil's suspension payment 68 billion dlrs 108 billion dlr foreign debt absence coherent economic plan already step cost ten million dollar profits. An inconclusive meeting March 22 central bank governor Francisco Gros Brazil's bank advisory committee stiffen resolve. A nasty row loom 16 billion dlrs trade money-market line Brazil froze month. The legal commitment maintain credit run March 31 worried talk Inter-American Development Bank annual meeting disgruntle bank sue repayment raise specter cascade lawsuit tit-for-tat asset seizures. "My gut feel common prevail. But risk? Yes mood pretty nasty" New York banker commented. Two ago showdown world's large debtor large creditor sent shock wave financial markets. But longer. Some U.S. money-center bank stock fell 10 pct immediate aftermath Brazil's payment halt. But Eurodeposit market banker consider sensitive gauge confidence discernible flight bank instrument safer government bonds. In calmly withstood suspension full payment country owe 150 billion dlrs region's total foreign debt 380 billion. Peru Ecuador Bolivia Costa Rica Honduras Guatemala Nicaragua curtail payment Brazil. The explanation fairly relaxed view net bank lending Latin America dry bank steadily bolster capital base. As result exposure relative capital fall fear collapse major bank. That banking analyst Citicorp CCI> embolden Brazil cash basis becomes 90 day overdue. It forfeit 190 mln dlrs profit result company earn billion dlrs 1986 setback manageable. Some bank strong protract confrontation Brazil seriously erode depositor investor confidence especially debtor embolden follow suit press debt relief. Bankers work hard isolate Brazil. Financing agreement reach recently Chile Venezuela accord Philippines seem close deal Argentina loan debt restructuring reach week banker say. In take hard line wholesale debt relief bank clear backing Reagan Administration. "All stake stability banking - debt forgiveness plan damage commercial bank weakens confidence financial stability" U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker told IADB meeting. Some European banker argue capitalization already happen practice bank ought debtor longer-term solution recognize paid away. Rigid accounting rule prevent U.S. bank seriously consider add principal loan declare loan non-performing. But Brazilian central bank governor Gros bank volunteer step willing discus idea debt relief. "It's necessarily unfavorable development" Gros prospect Brazilian loan cash basis. "We discus (innovations) European bank already bitten bullet." What clear bank angry frustrate Brazil mood offer quick concessions. A attrition debt front lie ahead. Reuter 