A Japanese businessman announce plan telecommunication firm Britain's Cable Wireless Plc core company. However plan unveiled senior Federation Economic Organizations official Fumio Watanabe specify stake Cable Wireless have. "The share holding core company equal" Watanabe statement. "The actual percentage shareholding agree core companies." He eight core company provide director firm. "The company shall immediately feasibility study construct cable itself" Watanabe said. Watanabe act mediator rival group include C W seek compete Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co Ltd> monopolizes Japan's overseas telephone business. The Post Telecommunications Ministry want competitor KDD back Watanabe's efforts. A British source decline identify far proposal far talk C W CAWL.L> firm involved. C W earlier reject report proposal five pct share telecommunication firm compare pct stake Watanabe originally proposed. C W 20 pct stake firm Watanabe propose merge. The British source decision specify exact shareholding core company leave far discussion. "It's probably sensible approach part" British source told reuters. C W push hard permission lay cable Japan U.S. The propose merger spark international row British government source threaten retaliatory action Japan discriminatory practice foreign firms. The source Friday option Britain revoke license Japanese bank security company operating London. The U.S. Has attack original merger plan say rival consortium licensed. Asked participation U.S. And European firm Watanabe "They core company wish participate." Under Japanese law total foreign participation limited one-third. "It wise C W join firm support influential backer realization ideas" Watanabe told reporters. The core firm Mitsubishi Corp MITT.T> Mitsui Co MITS.T> Sumitomo Corp SUMT.T> Matsushita Electric Industrial Co MC.T> Toyota Motor Corp TOYO.T> C Itoh Co CITT.T> Pacific Telesis International Inc>. Watanabe late proposal represent final effort. If fails satisfy British government Japanese government explain position said. REUTER 