The U.S. economy show promising sign accelerate expansion despite sluggishness fourth quarter private economist say. Some slowness experienced October-December period expect spill quarter tax law change effect January slow consumer spending. But late economic data show sign surprising strength U.S. economy economist remain cautious outlook. The Commerce Department report order durable good February jumped 5.7 billion dlrs six pct rise 101.2 billion dlrs. Even exclude volatile defense good durable good order rise healthy 3.8 pct agency said. The February number surpass expectation financial analyst whose prediction range flat increase five pct. The January/February employment statistic suggest Gross National Product show healthy rate growth month Lyle Gramley economist Mortgage Bankers Association. The U.S. jobless rate February January 6.7 pct low rate March 1980. The non-farm job rise 337000 February 319000 gain January 225000 December increase government said. The employment data suggests GNP annual growth rate 3.25 pct quarter Gramley. Much attribute business rebuild inventory likely sustain quarter Gramley said. He expect slowdown quarter small increase personal consumption government spending. He see residential construction decline mostly multi-family housing units. Fidelity Bank senior economist Mickey Levy fourth quarter slowness continue. Levy predicts GNP grow scant 1.5 pct rate quarter 1987 accelerate quarter show brisk 4.5 pct annual rate third quarter. The key forecast marked improvement U.S. trade balance expect decline dollar's value half. "The improvement gradual lasting" Levy predicted. Most import reduction one-third due rise product export price U.S. good attractive overseas. The Reagan administration predict trade deficit soar record level improve U.S. economy grow respectable 3.2 pct compare 2.5 pct rate year. As effort reduce trade deficit U.S. press West Germany Japan stimulate domestic demand good U.S. others. U.S. official believe pressure United States whose five economic growth mainstay develop countries. The U.S. economy provide giant market good give earn income badly need service foreign debt. The government week U.S. economy grow modest 1.1 pct annual rate fourth quarter. There indication improvement huge imbalance volume good import United States ship abroad. The report show rise volume export correspond decline import despite current dollar term U.S. trade deficit worsen closing month 1986. While fourth quarter economic growth weak corporate profit jumped healthy 6.1 pct period government said. It report inflation measure GNP price deflator remain check grow moderate 0.7 pct period low rise 19 years. The government report consumer spending key element five economic recovery jumped 1.7 pct February fall pct January. The Federal Reserve Board report manufacturing sector weaker element U.S. economy show sign recovery. In late report current economic condition Fed economic activity various region country range uneven steady improving. Manufacturing activity show sign improvement region except Dallas order remain sluggish. Chase Econometrics Chairman Lawrence Chimerine pick U.S. manufacturing sector largely due drop dollar's value. He foresee major pick economic activity believe economy slip recession either. He high price import product wage cut help manufacturing sector squeeze consumer purchasing power. "That pattern start continue years" Chimerine said. He see economic growth hover modest pct level years. Reuter 