Australian market boom foreign fund manager redirect capital United States traditional market analyst said. High short-term rate bullish stock market increasingly stable currency reflect massive inflow fresh fund month largely Japanese U.S. Investors analyst poll Reuters said. Fund manager quality market park cash settle Australia Britain Canada diversify volatile U.S. Dollar instrument said. A percentage fall key 10-year bond rate past month record share price 10-month currency 0.71 U.S. Dlrs illustrate inflow. Official figure late inflow investment capital available broker receive daily inquiry Japan United States. "These trillion dollar slosh don't it. Some end attraction rate reasonable currency stability" National Australia Bank Ltd economist Brian Hamley said. "There 'flight quality'" Hamley said. "Australia (economic) position aren't country you'd money." The strong Australian dollar attract investor take advantage appreciate currency volatility U.S. Unit analyst said. "We're look favour market U.S. Where concerned value U.S. Dollar" Lloyds Bank NZA Ltd chief economist Will Buttrose said. "Why money Australia entry cheap currency look stable?" But turn capital permanent productive investment depends government economic policy said. "It disappear lose confidence direction economy" Buttrose add offshore investor carefully watch government's promise tough economic statement May 14. While happy invest bond vehicle yield unobtainable elsewhere fund manager easily reverse flow -- particularly Japanese badly hurt past rapid fall Australian dollar hefty jump bond rate analyst said. "It remain edgy money. If deliver statement wasn't consider tough substantial outflow" Buttrose said. Offshore investor eager Australia tough economic decision curb 100 billion dlr foreign debt stubborn current account deficit analyst said. "They give benefit doubt I leave money here" Buttrose said. Reserve Bank policy reflect increase investment Australia shield Japanese investor rapid currency fluctuations. Reserve Governor Bob Johnston week acknowledge element target rate yen currency policy authority "eyes yen" crucial role Japanese investors. Analysts believe Reserve Bank work successfully recent month keep Australian dollar range 100 103 yen. Apart recovery weak U.S. Dollar Australian dollar risen pct trade-weighted basis weeks. Offshore buying played role boom Australian share market. It follow Wall Street market set trend response weight domestic offshore fund pour equity particularly gold sector. The key ordinary index rise record 1758.3 nearly 20 pct above level 1986 gold index nearly double record 3081.0 period. The property sector sought Japanese company invest heavily United States recent turn attention undervalue real estate particularly tourism field. Analysts point recent sale Sydney's five-star Regent Hotel Japanese interest 145 mln dlrs indicative type property sought. "They value real estate term fix capital investment investment Australia needs" Buttrose added. REUTER 