A sharp oil price decline sharp fluctuation exchange rate 1986 produce mixed economic performance Association Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) United Nations study said. The annual report U.N. Economic Social Commission Asia Pacific (ESCAP) international economic environment reverse fortune trade-oriented economy six ASEAN member countries. It already low 1985 growth rate ASEAN's oil export country -- Brunei Malaysia Indonesia -- drop far oil price fall. Three oil importer -- Singapore Philippines Thailand -- improve performance mainly restructuring economies. But report oil price fall reduce export earnings worsen economic prospect exporters. The exporters' non-oil commodity price show major improvement protectionist pressure industrial country restrict export manufacture product said. The GDPs Indonesia 1.9 pct 1985 Malaysia fell real pct barely grow 1986. The country buffet unfavourable external factor past force curb aggregate domestic consumption demand avoid severe balance payment pressure resort extensive commercial borrowings. The U.N. Body economic outlook Singapore Thailand Philippines improve steadily 1986 advanced. It favourable factor benefiting realignment key currency especially appreciation yen result increase competitiveness export Japan. The report downward spiral plague Philippine economy 1983 reverse estimate 0.9 pct GDP growth 1986 agriculture utility become growth sectors. It resumption Philippines' sustain growth rest largely satisfactory solution debt problem. ESCAP yen appreciation together economic restructuring measure played role help Singapore recover faster expect 1.8 pct GDP decline 1985. It Singapore GDP achieve growth pct register positive growth quarter. The Singapore economic revival hamper adjustment measure especially two-year wage freeze enforce April glut property market depressed condition ASEAN neighbour hurt Singapore quarter total exports. The report Thailand benefit change economic environment ASEAN neighbours. The Thai performance stem expansion o non-traditional export item cover manufacture product great exploration unsaturated export market Asia Middle East European Community. REUTER 