Ground-breaking system store retrieve information usher era computer company computer users. Within past week International Business Machines Corp IBM> Eastman Kodak Co EK> launch product radically increase amount data catalogue shelve computerize libraries. "This flurry technology yield system handle multimedia blitz data" Ian Warhaftig senior analyst International Data Corp Framingham Mass. "We're develop system customer ask them" Peter Giles vice president manager Kodak's mass memory division recent interview. This demand expect soar come years. While estimate vary industry analyst project provide product service gear information storage retrieval 20 billion dlr 1995. A wide range technology need meet vary requirement users. For example credit verification service quickly retrieve credit data relay clients. A law firm computerize law library capacity speed key feature. For architect engineer ability store photograph sketch graphic crucial. Regardless specific application trend convert information - document video film sound recording - digital language zero one understood computers. Saving space key goal digitize data storage. An optical disk size standard compact disk store 550 megabyte data 250000 page typewritten text. For reason compact disk read-only memory CD-ROM already popular data storage media. Last week Microsoft introduce Microsoft Bookshelf 300 dlr contains single CD-ROM disk dictionary thesaurus ZIP code directory Bartlett's Familiar Quotations World Almanac reference works. Scores product already market specialty item Lotus Development Corp's LOTS> CD-ROM data base stock information financial analyst investors. "Microsoft Bookshelf mark arrival CD-ROM package public" Ian Warhaftig International Data Corp. One drawback CD-ROM us laser record read data require special player. CD-ROM player retail market appear year. Moreover IDC's Warhaftig CD-ROM's integrate personal computers. "Eventually CD-ROM's fit inside PC box" said. "Imagine advantage have spell checker thesaurus fingertip you're write word processing program." But CD-ROM's beginning. Also week Kodak unveiled system 12-inch optical disks. The large Kodak us jukebox-like cabinet hold 150 optical disk data retrieve matter seconds. Kodak announce 14-inch optical disk 6.8 gigabyte memory five time memory CD-ROM. The Kodak disk available middle 1988 design user quick access amount data Kodak's Giles. Meanwhile N.V. Philips PGLO.AS> Dutch electronics giant prepare optical disk technology step far disk combine text video sound. Philips call Called CD-Interactive ready year. It include CD-ROM player hook television stereo. Additional breakthrough expect generation computer memory chip introduced. Last month IBM four-megabyte chip capable store data eight CD-ROM's. Meantime Nippon Telegraph Telephone> Japan built 16-megabyte chip. Analysts commercial version chip suspect IBM start volume production four-megabyte chip sometime year. Such chip enable computer maker build computer immense memory capacities. Reuter 