Leaders major U.S. commodity exchange federal regulator begin three-day meeting tomorrow satisfied industry's growth uncertain futures. An estimate 1200 industry official expect attend annual gathering host Futures Industry Association FIA. The satisfaction come dramatic expansion U.S. future option industry decade. The uncertainty surround year's meeting stem largely pervasive potential major market disruption stalk future option equity industries. This bucolic resort provide ironic backdrop financial industry's chief anxiously observe quarter's triple witch hour March 20 price gyration threaten rock markets. Triple witch occurs stock index future option individual stock option expire simultaneously. The quarterly phenomenon marked price volatility arbitrageur shift investment stock derivative instruments. In effort quell price fluctuation Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME Standard Poor's 500 stock index future contract recently announce plan move contract's settlement morning quarterly expiration afternoon. The New York Stock Exchange Friday intend implement stricter procedure require submit market-on-close order 50 blue-chip stock 1530 EST. Despite effort ensure smoother contract expiration avert uncontrollable fall price someday. Looming exchange twin threat fortify federal regulation congressional action strap market activity. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC Chairman Susan Phillips current regulatory structure adequate cope intermarket arbitrage expect surveillance procedure enhance cooperation Securities Exchange Commission SEC. SEC Chairman John Shad voice concern price volatility associate trading resurrect proposal oppose CFTC official federal regulator control set future margins. Some contend future margin low relative stock margin portfolio manager tendency shift stock index future fall stock market hasten downward price spiral. Absent week's meeting key congressional player -- Rep. John Dingell (D-Mi.) chairman House Energy Commerce Committee subcommittee responsible oversee SEC. Dingell promise look trading explore way insure investor hedger market disruptions. He interested review margin dual trading practice allows future broker trade account place customers' orders. Recently CME concerned perception abuse dual trading propose ban practice. The CME board respond plan restrict ban activity. The meeting attend regulator Australia Britain France Hong Kong New Zealand Singapore. Their appearance coincides controversial CFTC proposal adopt regulation trading foreign future option U.S. exchanges. The U.S. exchange oppose propose regulation ground prove unnecessarily burdensome. Other area disagreement CFTC exchange include requirement exchange implement strict one-minute audit trail summer proposal revise federal limit speculative position definition hedge CFTC effort determine instrument trade regulate exchanges. Reuter 