For currency dealer Karl Otto Poehl scourge speculator banker played key role shape world's financial destiny seven Germans guardian mark. President powerful independent West German central bank Bundesbank Poehl likely contract renew eight expires government official say. (Index economic spotlight page ECRA) But official announcement yet raise eyebrow West Germany's community. The ebullient Poehl spent seven Bonn top ministerial post Social Democrats opposition move Bundesbank. There speculation Chancellor Helmut Kohl try replace Poehl closer Christian Democrats. But official note Poehl work closely successfully Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg Kohl's government office 1982. Poehl senior central banker apart Paul Volcker United States enjoys strong international reputation newcomer build up. Given circumstance Kohl probably overlook Poehl's past adviser former Social Democrat Chancellor Willy Brandt top aide Helmut Schmidt Finance Minister banker said. It Schmidt Chancellor appoint Poehl job 1980. In recent month mark's strong rise dollar Poehl exchange rate central concern Bundesbank's council highly conservative institution doggedly pursue monetary policy prevent inflation catch hold. Older Germans remember bout gallop inflation century. But consumer price fall 1986 inflation negligible Poehl think safe relax monetary rein little concentrate danger German economy bloat exchange rate. "I be opinion effort stabilise dollar/mark rate reach priority Bundesbank far massive revaluation mark endanger economy West Germany" told journalist Frankfurt recently. Ute Geipel research Citibank AG say Poehl's reappointment guarantee flexible monetary policy. "Poehl's policy policy focus rigidly domestic factor external economy" said. An economist German bank decline identify "If Poehl confirm post certainly plus pragmatic course rigidly orient towards money supply." One Poehl's struggle recently persuade United States stop "talking down" dollar. For Poehl significance February Louvre Accord United States agree join effort stabilise currencies. The Louvre Accord greet scepticism currency dealer soon test. But dollar relatively stable pact. "This market - don't - central bank do" Poehl say intervention currency market quickly turn rate round make speculator's position worthless. Poehl born 1929 work financial journalist 1960s start ministerial career. A relaxed sun-tanned figure enjoys crack joke glass beer hardly stereotype central banker. He keen sportsman like watch football play golf. Poehl say currency market intervention cannot substitute correct economic policy exchange rate imbalanced. "But achieve enormous effect amount strike moment" said. Bundesbank dealer professional skilled. "They've burnt finger people" said. And unlike speculator Poehl note Bundesbank dealer usually profit. REUTER 