British company largely frozen President Reagan's "Star Wars" project despite earlier hope lucrative contract research bonanza accord report Members Parliament (MPs). Funding project formally know Strategic Defence Initiative (SDI) amount 7.5 billion dlrs parliament's Defence Committee said. But British contractor won 34 mln dlrs -- 20 mln dlrs government-to-government basis rest secure directly U.K. Firms institutions. In December 1985 Britain United States sign Memorandum Understanding (MoU) relate cooperative research Strategic Defence Initiative. At hope express U.K. Industrial participation lead significant spin-off technology defence area civil sector. But all-party committee report "the debate merit U.K. Participation SDI conduct context MoU negotiated.... It evident SDI participation bonanza thought." British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher President Reagan's staunch supporter plan development anti-ballistic missile defence screen. But government source angry bureaucratic barrier British company try break lucrative American defence market generally -- view voiced defence minister George Younger. He told gathering British American businessmen "We Europe greatly welcome emphasis U.S. Have place cooperation collaboration defence equipment sphere." He add "But I worry failure influential individual Congress elsewhere realise true nature two-way street term idea technology equipment lead erection artificial barriers." "I be afraid danger signal visible form legislative proposal seem arise increase frequency (Capitol) Hill regulation U.S. Administration" Younger said. "The defence balance trade U.K. ally markedly favour U.S." Thatcher visit Washington month talk President Reagan. U.K. Government official probably raise subject defence trade meet. The report Parliament's Defence Committee British position towards SDI base point agree Thatcher Reagan December 1984 that: - The aim superiority maintain balance - SDI-related deploymewnt matter negotiation - The overall aim enhance undercut deterence - East-West negotiation aim achieve security reduce level offensive system sides. The committee report "we support government's view SDI research proceed framework Camp David "four points" particular entire conformity provision ABM (Anti-Ballistic Missile) Treaty." "We note envisage SDI undertaken UK contractor fall "narrow" interpretation treaty (and) recommend government take appropriate step ensure continue case." That definition prohibits U.S. And Soviet Union develop test deploy ABM system expert said. That recommendation course change add "it clear Soviet Union take lead renounce constraint narrow interpretation." Regarding possibility technology spin-off committee report "the predominance "paper studies" SDI contract award British firm institution militates achievement." Reuter 