A International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA) formally adopt tomorrow chairman negotiate conference Manaspas Xuto Thailand said. "The successful negotiation agreement represent significant step forward international economic cooperation" told news conference. The INRA replace current expires October. Delegates renegotiation conference held auspex U.N. Conference Trade Development (UNCTAD) reach agreement central element accord weekend. Xuto INRA retains reference price -- 201.66 Malaysian/Singapore cent kilo -- indicative price pact. Price level continue express joint Malaysian/Singapore currency added. The agreement maintains basic structure price range -- "may sell" "may buy" point plus minus 15 pct reference price "must sell" "must buy" zone plus minus 20 pct it. Xuto pact maintains objective accord. "The stabilise price achieve balance growth demand supply" said. The buffer stock remains sole instrument market intervention price stabilisation maximum capacity unchanged 550000 tonne Xuto added. At month's session fourth attempt negotiate INRA main issue resolve concerned mechanism adjust reference price. It agree conduct review reference price 15 month -- instead current 18-month intervals. The extent adjustment modified. Under agreement daily market indicator price above upper intervention ("may sell") price (currently 231 Malaysian/Singapore cents) below low intervention price ("may buy") price (171 cent present) six month reference price revise five pct whatever amount International Natural Rubber Council decides. Under pact adjustment circumstance five pct unless Council decides high adjustment. Similarly buffer stock purchase sale amount 300000 tonne automatic adjustment pct accord unless Council decides high percentage. Throughout talk March 9 producer strongly oppose consumer proposal low reference price "lower indicative price" (or floor price) 150 cent pact buffer stock currently 360000 tonne reach 450000 tonnes. The proposal initiate U.S. withdrawn Friday set stage compromise weekend. Since negotiator work finer detail pact. On question condition entry force INRA Xuto tentatively agree government accounting 75 pct export 75 pct import approve ratify agreement become operational. The agreement figure 80 pct. Reuter 