In fast pace personal computer industry million six month opportunity exist company seek capitalize delay IBM software standard. When International Business Machines Corp IBM> announce generation personal computer PS/2 April decide establish operating machine death sentence billion dollar software exist system. Because IBM world's large computer company - 70 pct world's computer bear IBM logo - industry analyst IBM's competitor expect operating call OS/2 commonplace current standard MS-DOS now. "By 1989 half 60 pct personal computer sell OS/2" predict George Colony president consult firm Forrester Research Inc. But opportunity analyst firm sell advanced version MS-DOS specialise multi-tasking software package Unix alternative MS-DOS developed American Telephone Telegraph Co T> developed follow engineer federal government. OS-2 IBM develop Microsoft Corp author MS-DOS ready six months. IBM week product schedule analyst software developer skeptical delay major software product commonplace. Initial acceptance likely hinder disgruntlement hardware software vendor alike prefer keep make product try true MS-DOS accord Paul Cubbage software analyst market research firm Dataquest Inc. Compaq IBM's major personal computer competitor already stick MS-DOS standard. Compaq president Rod Canion recently "automatic mass migration" OS/2. "(Advanced MS-DOS) application continue meet broader user need OS/2 supply becomes available" said. Cubbage acknowledge "it probably really useful application available OS-2" create opportunity multi-tasking programs. "But come memory limit get you" said. IBM's operating event computer industry PS-2 announcement itself. The computer powerful Intel Corp's fast 80386 microprocessor expect rejuvenate sag sale personal computer industry already give boost IBM. Company official week 250000 PS/2s ship 2-1/2 month introduction IBM expect record pc sale th result. The enthusiasm PS-2 particularly strike full potential powerful computer cannot tapped operating level software available analyst said. OS-2 allow user program task personal computer ideally slowdown operation capability industry strive for. Microsoft already promising alternative OS-2 particular advanced version Windows multitasking conjunction MS-DOS. Microsoft chairman Bill Gates suggest advanced version Windows 386 announce September available six eight week price 100 dlrs 300 dlrs. OS/2 expect cost 325 dlrs. Some software developer design 80386-based personal computer superior OS/2 allow user multitask application disruption. But analyst comment user really multi-taksing operating 80386-based personal computer desire met primarily Atlanta software publisher The Software Link Inc. In late spring company announce PC-MOS/386 multi-tasking multiuser operating compatible MS/DOS work 80386-based computers. The company fill 2500 order week availability expect shipment reach 40000 end. International Data Corp analyst Will Zachmann Unix promising alternative OS/2 IVM available. IBM endorse Unix PS/2 model announce version Advanced Interactive Executive (AIX) Unix compatible operating system. But federal government require Unix compatability computer contract company provide Unix-style operating system IBM systems. ATT week ago introduce version Unix compatible 80386 microprocessor IBM's computer specifically. Analysts announcement move Unix accepted strong alternative OS/2 IBM chance off. Reuter 