Congress eager budget saving launch review U.S. Agriculture Department's generic commodity certificate tomorrow amid sign USDA General Accounting Office GAO odds cost U.S. taxpayers. The GAO conclude preliminary report week payment-in-kind PIK certificate cost five 20 pct cash outlay administration official identify said. USDA official issue report say account storage handle transport saving accrue government. The GAO decide re-examine cost source said. The issue congressional budget committee know consider limit certificate mean cut spending. Agriculture Under Secretary Daniel Amstutz GAO Senior Associate Director Brian Crowley testify Senate Agriculture Committee tomorrow. Amstutz expect tell committee uncertainty determine cost certificate compare cash outlay saving Commodity Credit Corp CCC equal cost department source said. USDA estimate cost government 75 cent store handle transport bushel commodity government storage. It unclear whether GAO Congress' investigative arm stick original analysis cost government certificate instead cash farm price income support program Reagan administration source said. The GAO expect payment-in-kind PIK certificate help relieve tight storage move grain otherwise sold. The testimony Amstutz GAO Senior Associate Director Brian Crowley come congressional budget committee intensify effort pinpoint way cut federal budget deficit -- include consider limit PIK certificates. The CCC issue dollar-denominated PIK certificate cert partial substitute direct cash outlay farmer cash subsidy exporters. Certs repay nonrecourse loan exchange CCC commodity cash. Between April December 1986 CCC issue 3.8 billion dlrs worth certificate accord USDA. Up 6.7 billion dlrs worth issue January August 1987 accord USDA. Certs cost government cash primarily recipient certificate pay government loan level below loan rate. Eliminating practice call "PIK roll" save government 1.4 billion dlrs 1988-92 accord Congressional Budget Office CBO. That estimate accord CBO official base assumption certificate cost government 15 pct cash payments. The Senate House Budget Committees know consider curb PIK-and-roll transaction saving alternatives. The GAO week reach tentative conclusion estimate billion dlrs certificate redeem date cost federal government 150 mln 600 mln dlrs five 20 pct cash outlay administration official said. However GAO decide reassess estimate base USDA criticism department official said. The broad range cost estimate partly attributable effect certificate market price course crop year. USDA's Economic Research Service example found June August 215 mln bushel corn exchange certificate lower price corn 35 45 cent bushel. Between September November certificate marginal impact corn price accord ERS study obtain Reuters. Reuter 