China's foreign debt reach 27 billion dlrs 1986 despite over-exposure short-term credit yen borrowing China remains creditworthy improve 1987 export outlook foreign banker Chinese official told Reuters. Foreign banker China's total debt rise sharply estimate 20 billion dlrs end-1985 cover increase import commitment debt/equity ratio remains low eight 10 pct. China remains cautious popular borrower said. Zhang Haoruo vice minister Foreign Economic Relations Trade Friday China sign foreign loan agreement 6.94 billion dlrs 96.6 pct 1985 actual loan amount 4.83 billion 93 pct. Officials China borrow 25 30 billion dlrs 1986-90 five plan period foreign banker estimate foreign loan 30 40 billion. A Western banker China's portfolio contains short-term debt denominate yen result aggressive lending Japanese bank attractive low rate Japanese market. The strong yen appreciation cost China dearly likely reduce yen borrowing banker said. A Chinese trade official estimate yen component country's total debt 30 pct. The Peking representative Japanese security rapid yen rise caught China firm unawares. "Interest rate Japan historical low China remain active borrower likely elsewhere capital currency spread" said. The Western banker excess short-term loan result China's inexperience foreign capital market enter 1980s. "Officials China department firm. Some loan enter full backing People's Republic China" said. "The dilemma China foreign borrowing area balance central control give reasonable autonomy firms. It search mechanism exercise indirect controls" said. The banker official stress repeatedly past six week China's foreign borrowing affected drive "bourgeois liberalism" phrase meaning Western political idea follow dismissal Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang January 16. A U.S. Banker evidence China's foreign exchange reserve fall below officially state figure 10 billion dlrs. "The Bank China buyer seller market quickly buying heavily advance announcement reserve down" said. The banker buying on. "Things normal. Trade deficit China 1985 normal country stage development." Customs figure show China trade deficit 11.9 billion dlrs 1986 14 billion 1985. A Ministry Foreign Economic Relations Trade official year's outlook export account 75 pct foreign exchange earnings healthier ago. The renminbi match U.S. Dollar fall said. It quote 3.72 little change 3.7 ago. The official China take measure improve export performance include incentive offer exporter establishment export production bases. "We expect high price oil export year" added. Official estimate China's 1986 export loss drop oil price billion dlrs. A Western diplomat China's foreign debt need careful management debt service ratio remains low six eight pct. "We base assessment China's foreign exchange reserve export performance ass company performance bank account" said. He China perform export field remains creditworthy country difficulty increase borrowing. REUTER 