Brazil want resume payment medium- long-term foreign debt soon willing discus way soften impact payment suspension bank earnings central bank governor Francisco Gros said. Gros speak reporter yesterday meeting Brazil's bank advisory committee appoint month promise clear statement Brazil's economic policy days. But banker attend meeting Gros inconclusive. The banker express disappointment Gros assurance payment 68 billion dlrs medium- long-term debt restart. "It tentative. You can't expect meeting" banker said. The meeting eve annual meeting Inter-American Development Bank. The urgent item yesterday's agenda legal rollover 16 billion dlrs trade interbank credit line extend Brazilian bank expire March. Brazil already frozen line ensure credit finance day-to-day trade commerce need request formal extension commitment lawsuit disgruntle creditors. The issue whether 14-bank steer committee endorse Brazil's request 700 creditor bank worldwide simply relay comment. This delicate question resolve yesterday's meeting lawyer side try draft suitable language telex midweek Gros banker said. Gros formally ask bank 90-day rollover 9.6 billion dlrs debt originally mature 1986 due repaid April 15. Bankers request legal nicety money subject moratorium. Once Brazil's debt becomes 90 day overdue U.S. And Canadian bank loan non-performing basis book payment receive instead accrue advance. Citicorp estimate profit quarter cut 50 mln dlrs Brazil cash basis. Other U.S. Banks warn earnings setbacks. Gros wish 90-day rule flexible willing sit bank round problem. He elaborate. But whether bridge loan arrange pay "It happen." Bankers possibility raise committee meeting dismiss inconsistent Brazil's determination long-term solution service 110 billion dlr foreign debt. Gros push 90 day useful. Only Brazil access loan grow export pay debt longer term. "If flow fund dry country Brazil can't meet obligations" said. Gros defend Brazil's recent economic record note inflation slow February trade surplus rise sector budget operational surplus. But spell government policy especially prices. "It's necessary clarify policy internal external reasons" decline economic measure introduced. Once policy Gros financing talk bank likely tough protract sentiment echoed country's creditors. REUTER 