Brazil's crisis-ridden motor industry -- dominate subsidiary Volkswagen AG VOWG.F> Fiat Spa FIAT.MI> General Motor Corp GM> Ford Co F> -- single domestic sale day assembly line stop shortly industry spokesman said. The motor manufacturer feel pinch month demand slump country head recession. But industry hit fresh dealer decide Tuesday stop buying car truck protest government tax vehicles. The dealers' decision spark 33 pct increase car price authorize week government cover industry's rise costs. Spokesman Marcio Stefani Brazilian Association Autmotive Vehicle Distributors dealer livelihood stake -- car aren't sell cost much. "It question survival. The price car Brazil reach insupportable level" said. A GM Opala Diplomata cost 30000 dlrs Brazil equivalent car United States cost 10000 dlrs. The National Association Automotive Vehicle Manufacturers trade's boycott continue week consequence serious. Association spokesman Fred Carvalho told Reuters "The consequence collective holiday lay-offs catastrophic situation." A spokesman Ford Brasil tell half 21000 workforce holiday June 29-July 13. Fiat announce yesterday 2000 worker month's holiday July 6 halt production domestic market. Carvalho industry work 3500 vehicle below 1986 average 4700 capacity 5100. During year's Cruzado Plan price freeze feverish demand outstrip supply. The industry say sell car produce constrain lack parts. Today picture completely month rag inflation demand disappeared. Carvalho government tax car add 138 pct cost vehicle. He described tax "the high universe galaxy." Domestic car sale five month slip low level decade 241632 unit compare 382182 unit period year. On bright export boom -- sale abroad May total 242 mln dlrs record figure. The motor industry critical government President Jose Sarney gain reputation indifferent manager economy. Last month Volkswagen postpone indefinitely investment 150 mln dlrs plan year. Wolfgang Sauer president Volkswagen Brasil government create crisis confidence. Brazil's motor industry employ 150000 people. Reuter 