Kenya's economy continue expand government encourage investment foreign firm local private sector Planning Minister Robert Ouko said. He told news conference government soon create special bureau expedite processing investment application local foreign investors. Praising role multinational company local entrepreneur Kenya's economy minister promise maintain close work contact private sector. The economy grow 5.3 pct 4.1 pct 1985 Ouko said. This owe price country's coffee export low oil price low inflation rise real income added. "Despite rise petroleum price fall coffee price Kenya's economy expect improve 1987" planning minister said. "High aggregate demand arise low inflation trade liberalisation discipline financial management expect increase output manufacturing sector" said. Agriculture expand significantly favourable weather continued farmer respond producer price rise announce February minister added. Kenyan farmer anxiously await arrival rainy season due start now. Ouko production Kenya's main cash crop increase half year. Coffee delivery state-run Coffee Board Kenya rise 17 pct tea delivery rise pct period said. Ouko paid tribute private sector contribution economy promise improve government cooperation businessmen maintain regular contact them. "I wish pay tribute private sector contribution economy 1986 challenge maintain spirit ... The manufacturing sector grow estimate 5.8 pct 1986 line period previous year" said. Ouko "one stop" bureau intend stimulate investment cut bureacracy currently involve processing applications. The planning minister present review Kenyan economy half 1986 show inflation fall 4.3 pct 10.2 earlier. This owe high agricultural production Kenyan shilling's relative strength major currency report said. The average exchange rate 16.23 shilling U.S. Dlr fall 1.2 pct 16.432 1985. The half yearly report export increase 30 pct July-December 1986 import rise six pct period. This give Kenya overall balance payment surplus 780 mln Kenya shilling (48 mln dlrs) period compare 1.4 billion shill (87 mln dlr) deficit half 1985 said. REUTER 