This month's endorsement International Business Machines Corp IBM> desktop publishing software product add much-needed standard fast grow segment computer industry analyst say. Desktop publishing relatively market industry analyst estimate sale reach billion dlrs jump six billion dlrs 1990 fuel rush corporation bring printing publishing need in-house expensive outside printers. Printing expense companies. Analysts estimate U.S. corporation spend six 20 pct total operating budget publishing expense year. At desktop publishing conference Chicago earlier month IBM adopt Adobe Systems Inc's Postscript typeset language future electronic printing products. IBM support Microsoft Corp's Windows operating environment graphic interface standard future publishing announcement Topview environment. "IBM's announcement tremendous stimulation development desktop publishing market" David Goodstein president consult firm Interconsult Inc. "It give user permission ahead buy product already available afraid compatible whatever IBM does" said. The advent personal computer laser printer graphic software allow user design print brochure newsletter host communication desk fraction cost outside printing firm. Analysts credit Apple Computer create desktop publishing introduce Macintosh personal computer ago easy-to-use format excellent graphic capabilities. Since Digital Equipment Corp Xerox Corp Apollo Computer Inc vendor identify desktop publishing major growth area. IBM enter market July form Publishing Systems Business Unit. IBM's embrace already-widely Postscript language interprets computer command translates instruction printer acknowledgment already de facto standard. Both user maker electronic publishing system support world's large computer maker critical language's ultimate acceptance users. John Warnock president Palo Alto Calif.-based Adobe "Ten pct corporation (moved) desktop publishing 90 pct sit wait IBM announcement." IBM enter licensing pact Adobe Postscript support Windows quite broad. IBM recognizes Windows standard comment extent commitment software. Windows integrator allows personal computer user run application simultaneously. Reuter 