The United States week signal press commercial bank increasingly disenchant provide cash loan debtor nation develop way financing prove acceptable sides. Heading challenge Third World debt strategy U.S. official concession debtor enact reform speed inflation-free growth. In particular stress technique shift emphasis debt equity shave rates. "The strategy sufficiently broad initiative concept additional emphasis debt-equity swap sort thing" Reagan administration official slow pace commercial bank lending Third World. "The debtor perform well...some argue take 1-1/8 pct 13/16 pct debt forgiveness. Well that's fine. What really narrow spread charge money" official said. This week therefore U.S. official signal backing novel proposal Philippines call partial payment tradeable investment notes. On Tuesday official Treasury Secretary James Baker told Secretary State George Shultz idea creative signal approval Philippine Finance Minister Jamie Ongpin day. An administration official told Reuters week Philippines' proposal partially pay investment note instead cash consider seriously banks. An agreement bank official expect soon. "New bank lending slow materialize matter 70 billion dlrs bank loan restructure form extension credit. As there's 8.5 billion dlrs money" official play key role keep plan afloat. The plan launch October 1985 Secretary Baker call commercial multilateral bank lend 29 billion dlrs subsequent major debtor undertaking reform promote economic growth. But take six month complete syndication 7.5 billion dlrs loan Mexico create deep misgiving liklihood straight cash loan assemble again. U.S. official bank consider swap debt equity local corporation -- development already met success Chile Mexico -- pin loan specific project finance trade invest directly debtor country private sectors. These form lending bank great stake economically secure return investment. In major challenge U.S. plan Brazil month declare moratorium payment follow tour official seek political 109 billion dlr debt burden. The country beset fall trade surplus dwindle reserve endanger ability service foreeign debt 109 billion dlrs Third World's largest. One official attend Washington talk Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson Funaro "they've "Look we're money us" haven't plan. And they've go stop they've told thing." The official Brazil enact credible economic either consultation World Bank International Monetary Fund cool overheat economy commercial bank begin negotiations. As result Brazilian action private bank major debtor nation redouble effort reach agreement stretch debt repayments. For administration signal strong support technique case effectively amount rate concession major debtor nations. It press bank allow Chile annual instead bi-annual payment speed accord. Administration official name debate whether allow bank great flexibility building loan loss reserve Third World loans. The debate center rule know FASB-15 bank experience delayed payment real estate loan aside reserve debt principal believe payment resume. More recently rule extend cover farm energy loan Senator Bill Bradley New Jersey Democrat suggest extend Third World loans. Bradley prominent Congressmen urge provision debt relief attach tough trade legislation consider Capitol Hill. But official debate inconclusive. Reuter 