West Germany's eurobond market revive June month's relative dormancy doze summer bond market source said. Syndicate manager borrower anticipate low West German rate cancel mandate two-week calendar hop borrowing cost decline. Borrowers likely return domestic rate lose downward momentum syndicate manager said. A supranational issue via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozcentrale likely Dresdner Bank AG lead bond. New issue volume likely help recent domestic legal change indirectly lower cost European Community state-backed borrower source said. A statutory change West German Exchange Admissions Act effect May 1 allows borrower file bourse listing prospectus underwriting group. This save 1/2 listing fee formerly paid banks. The recent issue Electricite de France lead Deutsche Bank AG Bank Greece lead Commerzbank AG brought market law manager said. Deutsche Bank confirm bond brought conformance law. Commerzbank comment. The success Commerzbank's Bank Greece deal especially shorter tranche five eight encourage syndicate manager bring issue calendar period. Many borrower seek bond market enters quiet summer phase refer German bond dealer "summer hole." But syndicate manager factor stand issues. One negative factor current swap condition mark dollar favourable. Syndicate manager yield spread domestic Schuldschein note mark eurobonds low swap profitable eurobond borrowers. Low yield domestic note comparable mark eurobonds mean German bank borrow cheaply domestic rates. They charge premium borrower take euromarks swap bank little incentive expensive euromark liability present. However foreign borrower anyway borrow mark genuine currency manager said. Another factor dampen primary market uncertainty dollar. Its rise week 1.80 mark help send West German government bond low nearly pfennig week. If dollar look poise stabilize rise far foreign investor mark eurobonds switch belief gain mark's appreciation end dealer said. The dollar expect remain stable week seven lead nation begin economic summit Venice June 8. In May total 1.1 billion mark mark eurobonds launch compare 1.0 billion April. This compare relatively active March 2.3 billion mark eurobonds launch strong February issue total nearly 5.0 billion. REUTER 