The Group Seven (G-7) industrial nation comply February's Louvre accord stabilize currency senior Bank Japan official said. And U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's remark weekend indicate revise herald low range dollar senior official Bank Japan Finance Ministry agree interviews. "The exchange market apparently react anyone sell dollar Baker comment regret on" Bank Japan official told Reuters. The Bank official Baker mean talk dollar down. A low dollar harm U.S. Economy noted. A Finance Ministry official directly involve monetary talk nation U.S. Would attempt low reference range dollar mark yen. The market assumes dollar reference range 140-150 yen 1.70 1.90 marks. The dollar close Tokyo 1.7730/35 mark 141.35 yen. "Behind Baker's remark U.S. Frustration high rate abroad especially West Germany represent readiness scrap basic framework Louvre accord" Finance Ministry official said. He contrary Baker want avoid far rise U.S. Interest rate hurt U.S. Economy aggravate Third World debt problem. Higher U.S. Interest rate merely raise payment burden depress U.S. Stock bond market far monetary official said. Both ministry central bank official decline name note U.S. No longer want far decline dollar fan inflationary expectation U.S. "That's Baker fail add Louvre agreement operative" senior ministry official said. Baker U.S. Television interview Sunday Washington reexamine Louvre accord West Germany's increase short-term rates. The market interpret indicate U.S. Would ready scrap Louvre accord dollar decline far unless surplus country notably West Germany try harder stimulate economy pledge accord foreign exchange dealer said. But market reflection note Baker's additional statement "the Louvre agreement operative" cause dollar short-covering Tokyo dealer said. Uncertainty remain flavour Tokyo currency markets. The Japanese monetary official Baker's undisguised pressure West Germany refrain guide rate high process multilateral surveillance international economic policy coordination. The G-7 comprise U.S. Japan West Germany Britain France Italy Canada agree monitor other's economic policy apply "peer pressure" persuade change policy desire course noted. "Without basic agreement multilateral surveillance Baker criticize West German policy openly" ministry official said. The U.S.-West German squabble Bonn's monetary policy regard process healthy policy coordination indication collapse Louvre agreement official said. He Japan receive specific request U.S. On monetary policy short-term money rate edge higher. "This unlike Germans take policy guide rate high marginal rate rise recent day primarily seasonal reasons" added. REUTER 