Slower expect growth Britain's narrow M0 money supply measure February spur far cut U.K. Interest rate surge sterling's value require move economic analyst said. M0 target money supply measure left Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson scrap official target broad sterling M3 measure 1987 budget speech Tuesday fell adjust 3/4 pct February. On annual basis M0 growth 4-1/2 pct middle 1987 target six pct. "The M0 data expected" Robert Thomas economist Greenwell Montagu Securities. He analyst expect M0 figure alone sufficient trigger rate cut remove obstacle move. Thomas note rise M0 kept check despite buoyant retail sale February advance adjust 2.2 pct fall size January. Analysts M0 measure reflect variation consumer demand real inflation prospect adequate indicator determine rates. "The authority seem pretend M0 ... In practice likely exchange rate election call tune" Lloyds Merchant bank chief economist Roger Bootle write budget comment. Richard Jeffrey economist stockbroker Hoare Govett comment: "It unlikely (Lawson) respond signal M0 alone ... Reinforcement exchange rate trend necessary action taken." "With Chancellor make clear policy manoeuvre response signal narrow money variable City force seriously" added. Noting Thomas market fear M0 overshoot disappeared. This remove potential obstacle far cut U.K. Base lending rate foreign demand sterling push pound above unofficial target analyst said. Such target believe secretly agree finance minister Group Five Canada Paris meeting month added. U.K. Base rate cut twice half Paris agreement March 11 yesterday foreign demand sterling surge reaction sharp cut 1987 government borrowing target contain budget. They stand 10 pct foreign exchange dealer analyst expect shed half-point come week. Analysts shrug largely irrelevant high expect increase February sterling M3 push annual growth rate 19 pct above previous target 11 15 pct. Thomas February figure indicate improvement sterling M3 growth witness past month reverse firm conclusion drawn revise data release March 31. Some analyst foreign investor cease watch sterling M3 target Lawson's move scrap altogether earlier week remove whatever left credibility key factor monetary policy. REUTER 