Schlumberger Ltd likely alternate buyer line Fairchild Semiconductor unit Wall Street analyst said. "I clear cancel agreement Fujitsu Schlumberger signal deal works" Paul Johnson semiconductor analyst L.F. Rothschild. "There unquestionably buyer there" add Kidder Peabody analyst Adam F. Cuhney. "A lot company look Fairchild willing buy it." Among company interested bidding Fairchild Advanced Micro Devices AMD> Sunnyvale Calif. LSI Logic Corp LLSI> Milpitas Calif. industry analyst said. Top U.S. chipmakers National Semiconductor Corp NSM> Texas Instruments Inc TXN> Motorola Inc MOT> seek buy Fairchild possibly run antitrust problem analyst added. Moreover Fairchild's management consider propose leveraged buyout Cupertino Calif. company analyst said. In brief statement announce termination agreement Fujitsu Schlumberger decision open possibility include buyout Fairchild management. The company end deal Fujitsu bought 80 pct Fairchild estimate 200 mln dlrs rise opposition deal Reagan administration unlikely sale complete reasonable period time. Analysts question explanation argue company government approval complete transaction. Both Schlumberger Fujitsu foreigned-owned companies. "Schlumberger terminate deal U.S. government didn't it" Johnson L.F. Rothschild. A spokesman Schlumberger decline elaborate company's news release. He company review alternative Fairchild unit. Officials Fairchild Fujitsu immediately available comment. Analysts note significance government's apparent success prevent Fujitsu take control Fairchild. Administration official include Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger fear sale Fujitsu lead Japanese control key semiconductor technology supercomputer military weapon systems. "The government really stood semiconductor industry" Johnson L.F. Rothschild. "That I real significance this." Consequently analyst Japanese government feel pressure address U.S. complaint Japanese chipmakers' violation semiconductor trade agreement sign summer. Reuter 