The U.S. Congress make Japan enormous worldwide trade surplus symbol U.S. trade crisis focus effort turn America's record trade deficit. "Japan symbolize fear trade: challenge technology industry threat government nutured competition multitude barrier exports" Senate Democratic Leader Robert Byrd said. "If term Japan trade problem manage difficulty countries" West Virginia Democrat Senate Finance Committee hearing trade bill. Byrd House Speaker Jim Wright Texas Democrat trade legislation priority wide-ranging bill readied probable House approval month. Japan's bilateral trade surplus jumped 12 billion dlrs 1980 62 billion dlrs year. Its surplus rise 8.14 billion dlrs February 5.7 billion dlrs January. Congress point record 169 billion dlrs U.S. trade deficit 1986 slow response trade imbalance dollar's decline currency market reason press Japan buy U.S. goods. They particularly dismayed rapid deterioration U.S. export sophisticated computer technology. In response grow anger pressure U.S. semiconductor industry President Reagan Friday announce intend raise tariff 300 mln dlrs Japanese electronic good retaliation Japan's failure abide 1986 U.S.-Japanese semiconductor agreement. Congress angered administration's lack success Japan host trade issue include beef citrus automobile part telecommunication good financial services. The bulk House trade bill write week committees. It package trade sanction measure force administration tough action foreign trade barrier unfair competition. Although provision single Japan case impact restrict import Japanese product expensive high duties. The cornerstone trade legislation pass House Ways Means Committee vote 34 2. Its focus force President Reagan retaliate unfair foreign competition easy U.S. industry win temporary relief surge imports. The controversial issue amendment restrict import country Japan surplus buy U.S. good left April vote House. Rep. Richard Gephardt Democratic presidential aspirant Missouri support Wright key Democrats press passage amendment. The measure impact Japan West Germany Taiwan South Korea. If Japan example reduce barrier mid-1988 United States import quota tariff cut Japanese surplus ten cent years. "I'm tire company have manager 'We're compete Japan can't compete marketplace.' That argument need take American business" Gephardt said. The administration support trade bill contain provision. 