South Korean firm affected government cut bank loan exposure fear move export competitive company official said. Last month government order 82 company repay 10 pct bank borrowing December 31. It told replace amount share issue money raise convertible bond offer local capital market. Company official back move principle worried raise financing cost won rise steadily dollar. "We plan export 100000 car 200000 production facility cannot produce amount" official Daewoo Motor Co Ltd request anonymity told Reuters. "We invest production facility meet target mean lot money bank elsewhere." "But pay bank loan mount financial difficulty money invest production line eventually discourage exports" added. The 82 company bank loan exceed 50 billion won represent combine exposure 10052 billion won 20 pct loan extend South Korean bank finance ministry official said. The company raise 1005.2 billion won December deadline official said. Of total 82 firm raise 646.5 billion won sell exist Seoul stock market portfolio said. Another 74.1 billion raise share offering 284.6 billion convertible bond issues. Most firm affected repayment scheme affiliate conglomerate "chaebols." Thirteen 82 affiliate Samsung Co Ltd 10 Hyundai Corp associate seven Lucky-Goldstar Group six Daewoo Corp Sunkyong Ltd affiliate Ssangyong Corp. Finance ministry official government effort absorb excessive money supply trigger grow current account surplus increase supply share stock market. "We mop excess liquidity make company issue share bond bank fund lend small-sized firms" official said. The target 1005.2 billion won represent pct M-2 money supply 33871 billion won 1986. The M-2 end-April 18.2 pct earlier compare government's 18 pct growth target official figure showed. The current account swung surplus 2.5 billion dlrs month deficit 294 mln period year. "We expect measure company improve financial structure lower ratio liability" ministry official said. A Hyundai Motor Co official identify "We basically measure positive raise money capital market issue share convertible bond eventually improve financial structure." "But finance cost concerned issue share expensive borrowing bank pay loan (soon)" added. South Korean bank loan attract average rate 11.5 pct. "We concerned won's gradual appreciation dollar emerge threaten factor export-oriented firms" company official said. "We mount financial pressure won continue up" added. The won risen 4.5 pct dollar gain 3.34 pct 1986. "Many firm prefer borrow bank boost capital issue share evade dividend pressure" bank official said. "A firm's owner hate hold ratio lower issue shares." "But dependency bank correct financial structure already poor" said. (See Monitor page ECRA spotlight index) REUTER 