China's economic reform decade fulfill outlast leader save country poverty economist country's top tank told Reuters. But He Weiling Washington representative China Economic System Reform Institute China's economic reform definitely risk nationwide drive January "bourgeois liberalism" phrase meaning Western political ideas. He "bourgeois liberalism" affect department deal economics. His key institute 1980s formulate economic reform policy advise top leadership them. Discussing subject raise budget speech week 1986 1987 deficit 15 billion yuan excessive consumer demand capital construction plus fall efficiency firm He reform firm financial key goal 1987. "The difficult strike balance make independent unit central control" He said. "We explore way do joint stock ownership lease factory management responsibility system ways" added. One serious problem face China's leader curb excess investment capital construction especially project outside plan. He chronic socialist economies. This firm judged output profitability efficiency. "Firms excuse money materials. They money build office build apartment unauthorised" He said. "Also report profit mean high tax payments. It report loss" added. He China's firm continue 5000-year-old tradition under-report asset reduce claim high authority. He China improve audit economic regulation tax described "chaotic" especially low level deal under-reporting. "Another step far develop money market firm opportunity invest. They channel now. Without genuine supply demand money" said. As reform encourage efficiency China supply firm loan instead grant past. But He reform result real change loan carry low-interest. "So efficient firm able money banks." Price reform sensitive aspect reform programme. Widespread discontent price rise force government promise January major increase 1987. He price steel timber cement industrial raw material "rise gradually" year. Large-scale price adjustment adverse psychological impact create discontent. "We preserve unity popular support" "sometimes common sacrifice Germany Japan 1945." He restriction wide range price include farm industrial product lift intermediate pricing scheme scrap eight years. "It 15 20 complete overhaul price system. We move carefully. We model ourselves rely on" He said. He great fear express foreigner reform open-door policy survive death elderly leaders. He name top leader Deng Xiaoping 82 chief architect policy 1979. "These fear unfounded. The policy already basic policy China. The reform irreversible. China poorest 25 country world. Without reform escape poverty?" REUTER 