The U.S. asset-backed debt security market grow explosively broadening investment banker 1987 variety issuers. "It interest note asset-backed deal commercial banks" Anthony Dub head First Boston Corp's asset-backed group. BankAmerica Corp's BAC> Bank America unit week issue 400 mln dlrs security back credit card receivables via sole manager First Boston. Dub offering sell quickly mostly institutional investors. The Bank America offering follow January 16 issue 200 mln dlrs similar debt RepublicBank Corp's RPT> RepublicBank Delaware unit. Goldman Sachs Co ran book deal First Boston act co-manager. However Dub Bank America security closely related so-called "cars deals" race market RepublicBank securities. "The RepublicBank issue secure credit card receivables. In contrast Bank America deal offering credit card receivables grantor trust vehicle" said. In grantor trust investor buy asset-backed certificate represent specify percentage undivided trust analyst explained. The Bank America certificate issue California Credit Card Trust A bank establish single purpose investment banker point out. The debt average 1.79 matures 1992. First Boston give issue 6.90 pct coupon price 99.8125 yield 6.95 pct 65 basis point comparable Treasury securities. Non-callable deal rat AAA Moody's Standard Poor's. Underwriters syndicate believe Bank America deal price aggressively. "AAA-rated auto paper trading 75 basis point Treasuries First Boston price deal" said. However Dub offering sell quickly anyway. The First Boston executive attribute deal's top-flight rating agency unlike year's car deal rat S P alone. "Investors receive payment 18 month principal payment remain five seven months" Dub detailed. Investment banker point Bank America deal pay principal half issue longer average car deal brought market late year. The collateral trust include pool VISA credit card receivables back letter credit. Bank America billion dlrs credit card receivables make big U.S. analyst said. Last week's deal Bank America's foray asset-backed security market analyst noted. In mid-December 1986 Bank America sell via California Cars Grantor Trust 1986-A 514 mln dlrs certificate back automobile receivables Salomon Brothers Inc. Upcoming asset-backed issue include 200 mln dlrs note back car lease Volvo 1986 Lease Finance Corp unit Volvo Finance North America Inc via First Boston 450 mln dlrs note secure sale contract Mack Trucks Receivables Corp unit Mack Trucks Inc MACK> via Shearson Lehmand Brothers Inc. The asset back market March 1985 total estimate 11.9 billion dlrs. Reuter 