The Louvre agreement Group Seven finance minister central banker stabilise currency work need fundamental strengthen economic summit Venice June 8-10 U.K. Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson said. Previewing summit expect produce major economic initiative Lawson told reporter remain improve condition last economic growth.side measure boost growth said. "I scope far reduction rate Germany" add stress indication move likely. He mention Japanese rates. Lawson U.S. Should embark "a gradual reduction fiscal deficit years." He February 22 Louvre accord produce "satisfactory exchange rate stability" thanks heavy coordinate intervention Group Seven central bank "content" sterling's exchange rate. Pointing record 4.8 billion stg rise U.K. May currency reserve announce "we play full ourselves ... We intervene great extent hitherto." Lawson risk Louvre agreement falter member implement macro-economic commitment underlie accord. "Certainly difficult maintain exchange rate stability country see implement commitment Paris ... In respect." He U.S. Budget deficit "very important." Noting 6000 billion yen economic package announce Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone week Lawson "what really need Japan increase merchandise imports. Supply measure critical." "There specific range consumer agricultural good extremely restrictive regime wholly unjustified" said. Lawson doubt Tokyo's partner indulge "Japan bashing" summit especially economic stimulation package announcement Nakasone's plan increase Japanese development aid years. Japan's flexible stance Tokyo stock exchange membership deflect criticism said. He West Germany instead pressure summit adopt similar stimulation measure jack falter economic growth. In respect Lawson hop Bonn bring forward January 1988 agree package tax cut schedule 1990. He call Bonn push ahead privatisation German industries. On debt Lawson expect British plan alleviate burden poorest sub-saharan country progress Venice. The plan involve concessional reschedule sovereign debt Paris Club propose IMF World Bank meeting Washington earlier year. Lawson seek "to consolidate political backing plan Venice summit" hop programme finalise Autumn meeting IMF World Bank. He welcome recent move Citicorp Chase Manhattan increase sharply Third World debt provisions. "First blow realism. Second market response show bank fear sort move Citicorp" said. U.K. Banks follow Bank England recommendation strengthen balance sheet make provisions. "They extent more" Lawson add bank themselves determine appropriate size provisions. He dismantle farm subsidy discuss summit. "There consensus push further." REUTER 