Failure talk re-establishing International Coffee Organization ICO coffee quota week political pressure United States particularly State Department reassess position U.S. unlikely basic demand quota "objective criteria" U.S. official said. Jon Rosenbaum assistant U.S. trade representative Washington's delegation talk told Reuters return London United States willing resume coffee negotiation April necessary. Rosenbaum United States "flexible" discuss method establish objective criterion transition quota basic aim establish objective method set quotas. At ICO talk major consume nation lead U.S. propose future coffee export quota share calculate formula incorporate producer's recent exportable production verify stock producer lead Brazil propose maintain traditional ad hoc division shares. The consumer position effect reduce market share Brazil world's large producer. Rosenbaum administration continue support legislation Congress allow U.S. custom service monitor coffee import comply future coffee quotas. He Reagan administration review coffee policy situation follow collapse London talk "nobody propose change position." However U.S. government official involve coffee policy bracing diplomatic coffee market offensive producer country lead Brazil Colombia soften consumer position. "Knowing crop fairly Brazil test resolve producer consumers" U.S. official. The U.S. official identify Brazil Colombia flood coffee market month effort drive price pressure country particularly splinter producer differ major producer London. This turn lead urgent appeal Latin American country face mount debt problem U.S. State department National Security Council White House ease U.S. position U.S. official said. The State department major player set U.S. coffee policy conflict pressure particularly politically-sensitive U.S. ally Central America U.S. official said. El Salvador Guatemala back Brazil Colombia London talk resist pressure quota base objective criteria. But Dominican Republic Costa Rica join splinter agree objective criteria. There strong feel State Department United States continue support splinter producer take politically-risky step oppose Brazil objective criterion question U.S. official said. Within consume country expect pressure reassess positions. In London U.S. support U.K. Netherlands West Germany Japan Australia New Zealand issue objective criterion U.S. official said. This bloc represent vote consume nation successfully prevent adoption producer proposals. However U.S. source West Germany's support time qualify concern European Community pressure accommodative producer future talks. France back Ivory Coast African producer talks. A soften EC stance difficult impossible U.S. block producer plans. While political manuevering producer consume country U.S. official key future outcome Brazil's position. U.S. official blame Brazil's intransigence failure talk flexible position Brasilia step agreement. Reuter 