Four trade minister end weekend meeting frank confession government lose credibility financial market regain promise trade currency action. "Until anounced policy action require satisfied nobody" Japanese Trade Minister Hajime Tamura told news conference. "From government come policy follow action" follow day informal talk trade minister United States European Community Canada central Japan. Last week dollar fell record low below 140 yen despite statement Group Seven (G-7) lead industrial power currency stabilise underpin trade. "We credibility gain confidence. When confidence impact" Tamura. His colleague agree major trade nation fought trade issue call honour free trade rule sight inspire confidence markets. "The act step talk. If belong club act concord rule credible" EC external trade chief Willy de Clercq. Canadian Trade Minister Patricia Carney agreed: "We meeting trade tension. What need political deal problem face." She month"s meeting Organisation Economic Cooperation Development meeting leader G-7 nation Venice summer forum show existed. U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter remind news conference result level meeting lead action effect smooth trade imbalance later. "The medium typically tendency evaluate meeting term tangible results. That pursued" said. "What achieve intangible exceeds achieve tangible way" said. Progress personal contact understand others" position policy reduce trade tension said. Tamura read agree summary joint talks: Currency stability essential currency movement alone correct U.S. Trade deficit Japan hit 58 billion dlrs 18 billion dlr EC deficit Japan 1986 Japanese global trade surplus 90 billion said. Trade retaliation protectionism forcible export restraint lead shrinkage trade flow dangerous said. The imbalance solve coordinate policy range fiscal monetary trade industrial measure line body internationally agree rule said. In regard police role Geneva-based General Agreement Tariffs Trade trade body strengthen said. The minister reconfirm individual promise solve problem. The United States try reduce budget deficit restore competitiveness industries. Japan introduce effective measure expand domestic growth rely exports. The EC continue effort balance growth reduce unemployment. All satisfied progress Canadian economy. REUTER 