The visit week special Japanese envoy little defuse Japan's trade friction United States U.S. congressional leader say. White House congressional leader wait-and-see stance series meeting former Japanese Foreign Minister Shintaro Abe pave April 29-May 2 visit Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone. They withholding judgment Nakasone's visit senator say Japan promise stimulate economy market foreign good past action. The U.S. trade deficit record 169.8 billion dlrs one-third trade Japan. Congress ready approve tough trade legislation try turn deficit cost million U.S. job close thousand factories. Much anger direct Japan. U.S.-Japan trade friction far fuel President Reagan's April 17 decision impose 100 pct tariff 300 mln dlrs worth Japanese good retaliation unfair practice semiconductor trade. Reagan impose tariff personal computer television set tool Japan fail keep agreement dump semiconductor market cost market U.S. products. Abe Reagan tariff quickly U.S. official curb drop Japan show honor pact months. White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater Nakasone's visit defuse trade tension "whether progress depends measure it." He add "I expect progress made. If measure term lift sanction that's doubtful." Congressmen equally skeptical. Abe met Senate Democratic leader active trade legislation tell Japan's plan spur domestic spending 34 billion dlrs market wide range good include supercomputer farm products. Sen. John Danforth Missouri Republican meeting "We heard promise past question whether real action." Abe met House leader press tough trade bill include Congressman Richard Gephardt Missouri Democrat. Gephardt sponsor legislation penalize nation deficit guilty unfair trade practices. Gephardt's legislation hit Japan Taiwan South Korea West Germany. The bill expect pas House week - coincide Nakasone's visit - fate moderate Senate uncertain. A bipartisan senator told Nakasone letter release Abe hold Senate meeting fresh Japanese-U.S. trade strife erupt Japan's market soon open American goods. The signer include Democratic leader Robert Byrd West Virginia Republican leader Robert Dole Kansas range moderate hardline trade issues. They letter grow U.S. sentiment Japan fight opening market "evidence contrary necessary combat perception likley additional effort attempt close American market Japanese goods. Reuter 