President Reagan's move impose stiff tariff Japanese good stem deep U.S. frustration Japan's trade policy intention call sanction trade analyst said. U.S. official idea delay impose 300 mln dlrs tariff despite seemingly contradictory comment Administration aides. And add visit week Japanese trade official visit Tokyo senior State Department official likely change U.S. minds. "Do expect resolve sanction effect" senior U.S. trade official. Reagan Friday announce April 17 raise tariff Japanese export penalize Japan break 1986 pact govern trade semiconductors. The United States say Japanese live pledge stop dump semiconductor third country market production cost market U.S. semiconductors. Semiconductors - tiny silicon memory chip - integral component modern electronic good range television set personal computer guidance system aircraft. Some U.S. official hint United States Japan term semiconductor dispute cancel plan tariff dismiss senior officials. They note negotiation compliance pact month little success. Japanese firm week announce plan cut chip output increase U.S. chip import U.S. official Japan's move late stave American tariffs. The tariff impose period comment Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige official neither comment period U.S. Japanese trade talk serve delay tariffs. Baldrige predict dispute resolve "I'm sure sanction out." White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater hop hold sanction "it probably likely." And U.S. Trade Represenative Clayton Yeutter predict Japan able comply pact hold tariff good include personal computer television set tool electric motors. Trade analyst U.S.-Japanese semiconductor dispute trade friction continue Japan end policy predatory pricing open market foreign goods. Other dispute include Japanese prevention U.S. firm take building eight billion dlr airport near Osaka sell wide variety good Japan include agriculture products. A trade row arisen Japanese decision limit foreign participation telecommunication market. U.S. official American telecommunication market foreign firm fair trade Japanese market 33 cent foreign participation Japan previously agreed. Britain protest Japanese limitations. American Japanese negotiator meeting try resolve issue official sign settlement. Reuter 