The Pentagon stop approve military contract Japan's Toshiba Corp TSBA.T> Toshiba subsidiary's transfer submarine technology Soviet Union senior defense official said. "We approve contract (with Toshiba) pending satisfactory resolution entire matter" Deputy Assistant Defense Secretary Stephen Bryen told Reuters confirm publish report matter. The temporary ban Bryen effect unofficially April cost Toshiba hundred mlns dlrs electronics Pentagon include pending 100 mln dlr Air Force deal computers. Bryen U.S. military service sign contract Toshiba April publicity arose subsidiary Toshiba Machine Co's allege sale Moscow milling machine grind silent submarine propellers. The Japanese government investigate previously report Toshiba Machine sell milling machine Soviet Union late 1983 1984. But Bryen told Reuters interview Pentagon inform Japanese police small machine capable make precision propeller sell Kremlin apparently 1984. "There beyond that. I don't yet" Bryen said. Toshiba know seek U.S. Air Force contract 90000 lap-top computer worth 100 mln dlrs. The Air Force call bid contract partly Toshiba investigation Pentagon official said. The official identify computer contract re-advertised bidding change dlr-yen ratio question raise U.S. import restriction Japanese micro-electronics. Two day ago U.S. senator want temporary ban U.S. import Toshiba Corp product include television set videotape recorders. Senators Jake Garn Utah Richard Shelby Alabama John Heinz Pennslvania seek amendment major trade bill consider Senate summer. The Navy report furious technology transfer Pentagon official told Reuters state-of-the-art propeller already mount Soviet attack submarines. The Japanese government already prohibit Toshiba Machine Co do Soviet Bloc year. The Norweigan state-own firm Kongsberg Vaapenfabrikk involve original technology transfer provide vital computer software Japanese milling equipment. But Norweigan firm reorganize Bryen apparently involve allege recent transfer Toshiba Machine equipment. Reuter 