The U.S. meat poultry inspection program incapable protect consumer contaminate product group represent inspector consumer charged. "The trend inspection 10 corrupt degrade constant risk contaminate adulterate meat" Kenneth Blaylock president American Federation Government Employees told House Agriculture subcommittee. "The American consumer little reason feel confident safety meat poultry offer today" Rodney Leonard executive director Community Nutrition Institute. "Company management concerned risk health raise plant output company profits" Leonard told hearing House Agriculture Subcommittee Livestock Dairy Poultry. Kenneth Morrison staff associate Government Accountability Project inspector consistently disclose violation federal law demonstrate "serious breakdown entire inspection system." Morrison told chicken fat flavor contaminate "intestines drag trough flush condemn product fecal material human spit chew gum paper towel plant employee blow noses." Donald Houston administrator U.S. Agriculture Department's Food Safety Inspection Service FSIS defend government's call "one respect health program world." FSIS inspects estimate 127 mln cattle 4.5 billion chicken turkey year. Houston inspection program kept pace change concede danger chemical residue meat poultry supply increased. He confident bacterium salmonella eventually eradicate money contain grow problem. Salmonella extreme case cause death found approximately 37 pct U.S. broiler 12 pct raw pork five pct raw beef Houston said. The report case double past 20 40000 case annually. "We certainly really found effective mean turn disease around" Rep. James Olin (D-Va.) The National Research Council recommend 1985 FSIS intensify effort develop rapid diagnostic procedure detect microoganisms. But meat poultry industry control cost much. "Hopefully overreact instal unnecessarily complicate procedure obstacle real goal provide increasingly safer nutritious economical meat supply consumers" Stanley Emerling executive vice president National Association Meat Purveyors said. Blaylock speak behalf food inspector allow elimination USDA inspection function plant "voids law letter spirit repeal rise consumer fraud epidemic death illness prevention nor legal recourse." Subcommittee Chairman Charles Stenholm (D-Tex.) panel hold hearing salmonella June 2. Reuter 