Share analyst commentator Volkswagen AG VOWG.F> suffer enormous loss recover 473 mln mark currency swindle. An auditors' report affair prepared week's annual shareholders' meeting largely clear management Volkswagen blame. But "mud sticks" Gavin Launder analyst Scrimgeour Vickers London. (See index ECRA) The financial daily Boersenzeitung write commentary: "More devastate loss link currency scandal result loss image company." VW provision 473 mln mark cover loss unauthorised foreign exchange deal auditor Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft highlight major gap supervisory apparatus firm's financial department. The auditors' report highlight failing VW's control especially relation 385 mln mark deal Hungarian National Bank shed little made. It contract benefit VW advantageous banks. It detail foreign exchange dealer profitted. It concluded: "The nature scope technical construction deal ... Suggest target professionally execute manipulation detriment VW." The finance department Rolf Selowsky resign day scandal broke March. He accuse wrongdoing auditor conclude "not apply necessary diligence instances." Two former VW foreign exchange dealer arrested. But VW admits report publish week reveal company failings. Peter Frerk temporarily take Selowsky's reponsibilities finding "not class acquittal." The currency swindle "lamentable event company" told journalists. The auditor remain VW's management board supervisory board correctly fulfil obligation verdict certainly mean major West German bank vote behalf number shareholder ratify board July 2 meeting. Many market analyst especially London believe sharp rise VW's share price week reflect major reassessment firm basis auditors' report. The stock close 430 mark Friday 11 pct week earlier. Dealers referrred short-term bargain-hunting London broker "I'm sure it's bargain." Most broker recommend client buy levels. Analysts believe VW match 1986 net profit 582 mln mark broker London company lucky report profit 15 pct down. VW expect fare market Europe. But sale fall sharply U.S Brazil late price freeze exacerbate result further. The company hope benefit term takeover Spanish company SEAT subsidiary produce losses. VW announce deal build pick-up truck Toyota Motor Corp TOYO.T> under-utilised plant Hanover analyst note production expect fully 1990. REUTER 