Banks Singapore planning far expand treasury security equity debt instrument activity line global financial market banker economist told Reuters. "Banks move towards treasury activity vital link global capital foreign exchange markets" Clemente Escano vice-president Union Bank Switzerland said. Central link Asian Dollar Market's pool fund deposit estimate 212 billion dlrs March. Banks fond book tap offshore Asian Dollar Market fund variety reason include low taxes. New impetus market growth 52 billion dlrs March partly due liberalisation financial market Japan lead increase interbank activity banker said. Despite slowdown traditional loan syndication region offshore market continued grow bank rebundle securitise asset create generation tradeable debt instrument banker said. Singapore's daily turnover foreign exchange deal increase 30 billion U.S. Dlrs 1987 21 billion accord Finance Minister Richard Hu. Susumu Sakaguchi manager Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank 22 Japanese bank Singapore expand foreign exchange department account 30 40 pct total bank activity year. Sakaguchi liberalisation Toyko market stimulate Asian Dollar deposit foreign exchange turnover lead active Japanese future trading Singapore International Monetary Exchange. Robin Tomlin manage director Singapore International Merchant Bankers Ltd international merchant bank cluster Singapore tax incentive presence major player shift regional capital flows. Tomlin pegged future Singapore banking industry security equities. "In 1988 expansion security trading follow link-up" Stock Exchange Singapore Dealing Automated Quotation System (SESDAQ) London exchange National Association Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System (NASDAQ) said. Equity equity-linked issue dominate financial market date buoyant domestic international stock markets. Tomlin privatisation programme Singapore abroad encourage huge flow capital banks. Applications receive 30 mln Singapore Airline share offer week worth 601.1 mln Singapore dlrs. The share offer Sembawang Maritime Ltd rake record 6.8 billion Singapore dlrs May year. Bankers Singapore's privatisation link exchange abroad show determine international stance. Singapore's major local bank venture stockbroking government security market SESDAQ compete successfully merchant banks. Tomlin merchant bank continue play role Singapore domestic capital market modest size total market limit potential entrants. Bankers total 650 mln U.S. Dlrs raise Singapore capital market volume issue grow 1987. Total lending bank Singapore fell 1.04 billion dlrs March 1987 compare follow trend towards asset management service capital market activities. Hans-Rudolf Schaub senior vice-president manager Swiss Bank Corp bank chosen Singapore Asian treasury centre favourable tax rule offshore bank political stability economic growth. He bank security portfolio management service addition exist link international money market service Zurich New York. REUTER 