The credibility government effort stabilise fluctuate commodity price test week country try agree buffer stock operate cocoa market government delegate trade expert said. Only week ago coffee price slump International Coffee Organization fail agree coffee export quota calculated. This week expert gather building try agree cocoa pact reach summer work. The unresolved legal wrangle surround International Tin Council (ITC) buffer stock loss run hundred million sterling cast shadow commodity negotiations. The ITC's failure restrict negotiators' ability compromise government involve pact built-in flaw unlimited liability clear line drawn aid trade. A hopeful sign cooperation agreement basic element International Natural Rubber Agreement Geneva weekend. Some import country insist International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) buffer stock rule muddy quota type subclauses dictate type cocoa bought. One consumer country delegate "distort support" market. Trade industry source blame uncertainty ICCO destabilise market recent collapse coffee price trader acutely aware commodity pact founder. On Friday uncertainty help push London cocoa future eight month lows. The strength sterling contribute recent slip prices. The ICCO daily average price Friday fell below "must buy" level 1600 SDRs tonne designate pact force ICCO session January rule operation buffer stock. Consumers producer agree operate discretion given. The agreement limit trading physical cocoa expressly say cannot operate future markets. A cash balance 250 mln dlrs stock 100000 tonne cocoa mount buying sell operation carry forward previous agreement. Members finance stock 45 dlrs tonne levy cocoa trade. It upper limit 250000 tonnes. The key argument face ICCO work buffer stock rule meeting tomorrow non-member cocoa differential buffer stock pay trading type cocoa. Another work schedule meet Wednesday discus administrative matter full council meet Thursday. Producers maintain buffer stock fund mop surplus cocoa produce non-member country Malaysia. Consumers cocoa cheapest buffer stock buy compete chocolate manufacturer premium-priced quality cocoas. The argument buying non-member cocoa closely link differential qualities. European industry trade adviser suggest compromise buffer stock maximum share represent non-member cocoa London future market's exist differential qualities. Currently West African cocoa tender par onto London market. Discounts currently review range 50 stg tonne Brazilian Malaysian cocoa. Consumer delegate argument reverse operate price - buffer stock sell high price cocoa demand force price lower. The January talk slow split inside European Community key ICCO consumer France side producers. EC representative met close session Brussels Friday attempt reach common ground diplomatic source narrow range position 12 nations. The source EC look sign flexibility producer day able respond there. One ICCO delegate describe producer/consumer split consumer proposal mean buying cocoa back concept pact "meant support market trade buying not." In contrast producer seem sell cocoa buffer stock consumers. Other technical issue outstanding include whether buffer stock buy single announce "posted price" previous pact announce buying accept offers. In either delegate accepted producer clear opportunity offer cocoa forward shipment directly buffer stock competitive spot offer dealers. REUTER 