The move foreign exchange market test strength Paris currency accord thrown question near-term outlook sterling recently main beneficiary agreement analyst said. Since six-nation accord month sterling risen sharply add five pct trade-weighted index. While accord effectively stifle dollar/yen dollar/mark movement market attention sterling foreign investor rush advantage relatively U.K. Interest rates. But analyst pound sideline tentative test Paris accord see yesterday. The market look sooner push dollar far test willingness central bank intervene. Analysts bank intervene effectively Paris accord collapse. "On balance sterling net sufferer G-6 collapses" Phillips Drew analyst Stephen Lewis said. He sterling lose market attention capital movement whereas previously restrict look yield currencies. However analyst foreign exchange dealer forecasting brief period consolidation retracement sterling none expect sharp drop U.K. Currency. Sterling remain support optimism U.K. Political economic outlook firmer oil price relatively rate said. Bullish sentiment U.K. Economic outlook run especially week's budget see popular market British voters. Sterling support sign weaken West German Japanese economy growth 1987 trail behind pct forecast U.K. Recent opinion poll show Britain's ruling conservative party ahead opposition party popularity support pound. In addition sterling shrug half-point cut U.K. Bank base lending rate weeks. A far half-point cut widely expect week already largely discounted. U.K. Base rate run 10 pct relatively compare western country analyst far base rate cut 9-1/2 pct unlikely affect sterling. Sterling appear resilient dollar's decline drop slightly cross-rate basis. Worries renew turbulence foreign exchange market reflect U.K. Government bond (gilt) market price drop 5/16 point. Until foreign investor gilt market major reason behind rise sterling. Dealers expect pound hold quietly steady day market awaits far development dollar Thursday's U.K. Current account figure February. Market forecast deficit 250 mln stg January's surplus. REUTER 