Live cattle future post robust rally major beef pack company lockout slaughter plant Dakota City Neb. April delivery cattle Chicago Mercantile Exchange close 64.45 cent pound 0.83 cent market expect demand live animal increase plant restarts operations. Iowa Beef Processors division Occidental Petroleum plan reopen plant large nation March 16. The plant close Dec. 14 contract IBP Local 222 United Food Commercial Workers Union expired. The plant employ 2800 worker slaughter thousand animal company spokesman said. The company lock union worker threaten disrupt operations. It unclear whether union meatpackers return work. They reject company's late contract offer March 5. Traders cattle price advanced midsession rumor circulate lockout end gain far fuel noticeable increase demand live animal cash market Nebraska Texas Panhandle. The rally cattle boost value live hog frozen pork belly support indication producer expand hog herd slow rate previously expected. Petroleum future post modest rally New York Mercantile Exchange. But report Soviet Union plan reduce price crude oil export pressure market Friday Nauman Barakat petroleum analyst New York Smith Barney Harris Upham Co. Buying company deal petroleum help price recover weakness trader said. Gold future rally partly response strength silver market Commodity Exchange New York. Silver price rally U.S. brokerage recommend customer buy metal trader said. Coffee future drift low response report Colombia lower price export trader said. Sugar price close slightly high Coffee Sugar Cocoa Exchange despite export sale European Commission Wednesday. Soybeans high wheat low corn mixed Chicago Board Trade. Soybeans boost expectation Agriculture Department report healthy signup Conservation Reserve Program pay farmer leave highly erodible land idle instead plant crop trader said. Concern strike Brazilian seaman interrupt export soybean Brazil harvest begin underpinned price said. Wheat price pressure sell response trend price chart said. Reuter 