Debt talk Philippine government bank advisory committee delicately poise brief meeting side banker source close Philippine delegation said. "We businesslike meeting progress" banker said. "The bank anxious agreement." But banker reluctant predict whether talk successfully. Caution evident Philippine camp. "We feel ball's banks' court" source said. The side meet Friday. The talk Philippines seek reschedule 9.4 billion dlrs debt dominate discussion innovative proposal finance minister Jaime Ongpin pay country's bill Philippine Investment Notes PINs instead cash. Manila want pay London Interbank Offered Rate cash issue PINs respect margin above LIBOR. The bank reject original PINs proposal Friday Ongpin present revise proposal Monday sought satisfy banks' objection guarantee note yield 7/8 pct LIBOR cash. The bank apparently yet pas final judgment proposal. Senior Reagan Administration official express warm support PINs proposal week give Ongpin hope bank embrace idea. But bank circumspect weigh accounting consequence consider precedent agree PINS. One main architect PINs proposal U.S. lawyer Lee Buchheit adamant bank worry about. "To extent it's precedent it's precedent encouraged" Buchheit partner Cleary Gottlieb Steen Hamilton told debt-equity swap conference sponsor Euromoney magazine. Under proposal bank sell dollar-denominated PINs discount multinational firm convert peso value fund government-approved equity investment Philippines. In effect international firm pay Manila's bill allow government conserve much-needed hard currency. One beauty scheme accord Buchheit widens scope third-world debt negotiation confine debtor creditor past 4-1/2 years. "There's pool cash table now" said. David Mulford Assistant Secretary U.S. Treasury told Euromoney conference idea PINs "menu" option available bank instead pure new-money packages. He difficulty syndicate Mexico's 7.7 billion dlr loan package show approach encouraged. "We great flexibility devise money package effect essential future bank syndications" Mulford said. In unusually frank comment Mexican deal dissatisfaction Mexico's economic criticism communication coordination bank syndicate prompt bank refuse participate loan. This refusal "for appear jeopardize prospect successful agreement rest banks" Mulford said. The Mexican package due sign March 20 banker U.S. clearly feel breathe financing process especially crucial negotiation Brazil start. The bank insist willing discus Mulford's "menu" debtor flexible. For example financing talk Argentina prove tough Buenos Aires dislike debt-equity scheme onlending provision bank promoting. But whether bank ready endorse PINs concept hang balance. Reuter 