Saudi Arabian leader assemble conference aim thrash problem face private sector kingdom's oil-dependent economy. The meeting 500 top businessmen across Saudi Arabia come guard optimism industry commerce follow OPEC pact boost oil prices. The four-day conference resort town mountain above Tihamah plain stretch Red Sea organise Saudi Arabia's chamber commerce. Finance Minister Mohammed Ali Abal-Khail Commerce Minister Suleiman Abdulaziz al-Salim attend day. Bankers businessmen conference air problem face commerce industry year's slide oil price examine way promote high investment private sector sorely short finance. Government planner recognise Saudi Arabia world's large crude exporter need foster private enterprise diversify oil-based economy. The fledgling private sector hard hit Middle East recession 1983 manufacturing trading company ran problem repay loans. Renewed optimism stem largely accord reach OPEC December curb oil output boost price benchmark level 18 dlrs barrel. With oil price recover Saudi Arabia ahead turn long-delayed budget plan incorporate 52.7 billion riyal deficit bridge draw foreign reserves. The simple act publishing budget restore measure confidence community. Some share price risen 35 pct November bank generally reporting slowdown non-performing loans. But banker convinced. One senior corporate finance manager Riyadh said: "Banks reluctant lend ... There certainly optimism air I be sure firmly based." Some businessmen banker government spending tight control non-oil economy contracting. Capital expenditure project cut sharply. A U.S. Embassy report Saudi Arabia publish budget said: "While industrialisation continued government's high priority recession payment lack financing reduce Saudi foreign investor industry." It lack fresh investment expect major issue businessmen gather here. Official figure show licence industrial venture fell 24 pct six month March 1986 compare period 1985. Lending Saudi Industrial Development Fund major source industry backing fall steadily 1983. Trading company hit caught huge inventory construction equipment recession bit. Some firm laid worker cut bloat inventories. Others effectively liquidated. A reach agreement banker extend debt repayments. The late reschedule shipping-to-hotels conglomerate REDEC. Its negotiator initial draft accord restructure payment 1.3 billion riyal bank debt. Bankers businessmen conference likely discus apparent reluctance U.S. And British firm step investment kingdom. A British government delegation left Riyadh hold preliminary talk way offset huge Saudi outlay defence contract supply 132 fighter aircraft worth five billion stg. REUTER 