The prospect renew assault dollar force United States eventually unveil distasteful measure bolster support currency monetary analyst economist said. Treasury Secretary James Baker acknowledge Reagan administration discuss possibility issue yen-denominated U.S. government bond support dollar. But dismiss speculation ready unusual step. Nonetheless monetary source issue seriously discuss administration. "It unlikely undertake now" Baker week. "In view view (issuing U.S. yen bonds) lack confidence U.S. currency. And therefore don't it's appropriate do." But Reagan administration announce measure internationally-coordinated effort instability financial market genuine action reduce massive economic imbalance monetary analyst believe. And currency defense package unveiled Carter administration issue yen bond accompany rise discount rate 5.5 pct. The Federal Reserve resist pressure raise key rate chiefly Fed official hurt economic growth. Another concern fragile international debt situation. Analysts expect currency support package divide timing. Some believe announcement week visit Washington Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone. "It real focus visit steady dollar prevent down" Charles Taylor analyst Prudential-Bache Securities. But monetary source unlikely Reagan administration resort measure bring trouble President Carter. Until recently current administration urge low dollar redress huge trade deficit Carter face weak dollar confidence economic policy collapsed. But Washington's policy increasingly question. The Carter plan unleashed Nov. 1 1978. And resound success. "This package really give credibility administration dollar up" Robert Hormats vice-president Goldman Sachs Inc former senior U.S. economic Carter Reagan Administrations. The dollar stood 1.87 mark 188 yen. Today stand 1.79 mark 139 yen. "The administration rhetoric evidence concern dollar practice really do little" Hormats statement support dollar U.S. officials. Several currency trader foreign central bank official statement fall short unequivocally say dollar decline enough. Carter issue 6.4 billion dlrs mark swiss franc bond aim essentially buttressing pyschological support dollar attract foreign investor lose confidence dollar U.S. government notes. The package support pct rise discount rate 9.5 pct drawing U.S. monetary reserve International Monetary Fund sale U.S.-held SDRS IMF members. It support increase Fed currency swap line central bank step official U.S. gold sales. Stephen Axilrod former Fed official vice-chairman Nikko Securities "I it's unlikely now." He argue politically difficult action support dollar Japan West Germany fulfill pledge stimulate economies. But analyst believe currency support package genuine economic measure redress trade imbalance undertaken lead industrial powers. It coincide June Venice summit leader seven major industrial democracy -- United States Japan West Germany Britain France Italy Canada. Hormats believe currency decline slightly far package impact. He seven nations' Paris Accord stabilize currency forge soon fundamentally change market sentiment. "I we're near feel (politically) comfortable do this" Hormats said. Many analyst administration's reluctance act firmly dollar due desire keep pressure ally bolster economy fear fan protectionist sentiment Congress. But Hormats "there government United States show damn dollar." Reuter 