Since British Airways sell British government airline analyst begin cover carrier give reviews. "Analysts pick British Airways it's major airline few company mergers" Merrill Lynch analyst Edmund Greenslet. "Two ago U.S. carrier analyst add international airlines." Merrill Lynch instance cover international office said. British Airways sell Conservative government February. It fleet 167 jetliner make large Europe. A relatively portion revenue traffic come intra-U.K. operation predominantly long-haul route network span globe. Julius Maldutis Salomon Brothers like British Airways quickly redeploy jet strong market weak one response severe downturn North Atlantic traffic Chernobyl nuclear disaster terrorist actions. "Because diverse network ability hedge mitigate adverse development particular area" Maldutis said. He British Airways outperform rest stock market. Salomon underwriter company's offering February. About 6.3 mln British Airways' American depositary receipt trade NYSE 2.8 mln ADRs Toronto exchange. Each ADR equal 10 ordinary shares. Louis Marckesano Janney Montgomery Scott British Airways near-term outlook good. "We're look traffic growth improve revenues" said. "British Airways rid wave" said. "Its fiscal April trouble experienced half especially North Atlantic market camparisons nice." At March 31 carrier total debt 279 mln stg debt-to-equity ratio 33 pct airline analyst said. "Its balance sheet conservative - conservative airline - mean borrow expand fleet" Marckesano said. British Airways lead force airline liberalization Europe gradually implement avoid problem U.S. airline deregulation brought unstable fare losses. Analysts agree phased-in deregulation greatly benefit British Airways run large European carrier. Analysts caution British Airways face increase competition traveler Europe U.S. carrier airline consolidation expands route networks. In 1983 instance 69 pct U.K.-bound passenger transfer European carrier arrive U.S. gateway airport onboard U.S. carriers. But U.S. carrier retain passenger 30 pct U.K.-bound traveler expect switch European carrier complete trip accord British Airways' chief executive officer Colin Marshall. "British Airways great shot pick traffic funnel New York" Marckesano "Now traffic capture earlier U.S. carrier leaf Atlanta Dallas cities" Marckesano. He British Airways' first-half result mislead investor gauge full-year result fiscal begin April one. "Profits build half. But investor double figure he'll make mistake" said. Reuter 