High rate sluggish global economic growth creep protectionism deepen third debt crisis senior Mexican official said. Finance minister Gustavo Petricioli today's signing 76 billion dlr new-loan reschedule package Mexico comprehensive far-reaching effort debt management yet achieve sovereign borrower. But remark prepared signing ceremony warn complacency. "The debt solved. If anything exacerbate recent events." "The inequity international economic environment conspire welfare stability develop countries" Petricioli added. The debt solve unless develop country allow grow argued. "There solution far development trade throughout world.". Director credit Angel Gurria told reporter Mexico's economy resume growth external condition favorable. Latin America grapple adverse term trade instance underlined recent slide coffee prices. Interest rate remain unacceptably real term Gurria added. "Inflation literally disappear earth industrialize rate near seven pct." Industrial power improve coordination economic policy boost unacceptably low growth rate keep export market Gurria Mexico's chief debt negotiator. The official blunt warn bank refuse participate loan package: Do expect Mexico future. About 60 Mexico's 430 creditor bank worldwide join loan acceptance receive accord senior Citibank executive William Rhodes co-chairman Mexico's advisory committee. "Those support sure Mexico continue willing share opportunity future growth create. "Those deny responsibility back remarkable effort international cooperation financial enlighten colleagues" Petricioli said. One Mexico punish recalcitrant bank deny slow application convert Mexican debt equity investment country. "We lot expeditious processing request bank support us" Gurria add "We memories." Debt-equity conversion attractive bank provide client subsidize peso investment Mexico collect handsome brokerage fee reduce Mexican exposure process. The grow popularity scheme underlined week American Express Bank join Mexican package plan convert 100 mln dlrs loan equity stake hotel project Mexico. Mexico halt debt-equity Feb. 25 force bank concentrate wrap financing pakcage Gurria resume six billion dlr loan form core deal disbursed. The loan 99 pct subscribed. Gurria Mexico hope close book middle April drawdown April. Although agreement sign sumptuous surroundings midtown Manhattan hotel atmosphere signing ceremony subdue banker official show little elation relief normally follow conclusion mammoth deal. After five month arduous syndicate loan debt fatigue apparent talk way financing process cumbersome. "This (package) harder others... I hope that's debilitate together" Gurria said. Reuter 