The sharp drop value dollar yen mark serious test month's Group Five (G-5) plus Canada agreement stabilise currency dealer bank economist said. "The dollar push coordinate central bank intervention" dealer German bank echo widepread sentiment market. But opinion divide whether front forge Paris exists. Some dealer grow sign United States want dollar fall further. Despite repeat Bank Japan intervention dollar plunge post-war low Tokyo today. It quote low 148.40 yen Far East dealer expect U.S. Currency decline further. "The dollar firmly broad 140 150 yen range" Chase Bank AG's senior dealer Eckhart Hager said. Others technical reason sharp dollar drop. "Window-dressing" operation Japanese company sell dollar buying yen Japanese fiscal March 31 undermine U.S. Currency. Dealers main reason sell-off technical. U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's comment Paris accord fix dollar target see renew attempt U.S. Administration talk dollar down. "Suddenly support level exist fear central bank intervention disappeared" dealer said. The Bank Japan believe bought 1.5 billion dlrs comment Japanese official indicate Tokyo unhappy plunge dealer said. Bank Japan governor Satoshi Sumita threaten central bank intervention necessary. Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa six nation agree Paris month stabilise currency - Japan Britain Canada France U.S. And West Germany - action line pact. But Bundesbank European central bank detect market European morning. Opinion divide Bundesbank act. While West German central bank support dollar fell below 1.80 mark Bundesbank intervene fall below 1.75 mark decline accelerated. The Bundesbank intervene January 27 dollar threaten fall below 1.81 marks. "The Japanese seem moment" dealer said. Others cooperation central bank government easy done. Some Baker's remark U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter's warn U.S. And Japan verge serious trade conflict show rift. "It's hard tell whether G-6 agreement stands" dealer said. Another add "If Americans push dollar regardless G-6." Citibank AG cast doubt chance success Paris agreement late investment letter. "It hard Japan Germany willing able loosen fiscal policy sufficiently offset necessary U.S. Fiscal contraction" Citibank said. It add "Markets therefore aware 1.80 mark low limit dollar -- rate 1.70 mark expect year." And London Broker Hoare Govett March 1987 economic report "We look far gradual fall possibly 1.60 mark year." But opinion whether Paris accord force universal. Some dealer read Baker's Yeutter's comments. "There reason believe Paris pact broken down" senior dealer said. REUTER 