West Germany's propose tax reform brought forward stimulate economic growth U.S.-led pressure Bonn far fiscal step boost economy Ifo economic institute said. An Ifo report "The total growth effect reform considerably enhance international pressure government therefore reduce large portion tax cut plan 1990 brought forward 1988." Swift action require remove grow doubt 44 billion mark tax reform finance Ifo said. The report say tax reform insufficient late stimulate economic growth demand West Germany's industrial partners. Since lion's share cut worth gross 44 billion mark "will effect 1990 impact growth little late" Ifo. The West German government consistently cut tax encourage consumer spending boost domestic demand make significant contribution economic growth. Bonn agree increase scope tax reduction plan 1988. In March government 1988 tax cut expand 5.2 billion mark 13.7 billion. A month economics minister Martin Bangemann counter joint call five German economic institute speed tax cut say step endanger effort consolidate budget keep borrowing down. Financing tax reform "acute problem" Ifo said. "Currently proposal financing (the reform) come political opposition. There lot criticism outstanding 19.4 billion mark need finance reform account for" report said. The government pledge agree Autumn raise 19 billion mark need finance tax cuts. Subsidies paid ail industry major target. But lead coalition Matthias Wissmann economics spokesman ruling Christian Democratic party concede subsidy cut exceed five billion mark unrealistic leave remain 14 billion mark found. An increase borrowing inevitable finance tax cut Bonn able cope report said. Despite vigorous opposition Free Democrats junior partner centre-right coalition government Bonn eventually force increase value add tax (VAT) due tax harmonisation measure European Community. A VAT increase provide fund income tax reform report said. Viewed context effort Bonn Washington Tokyo reform tax "despite various shortcoming West Germany's plan tax reform reputation" Ifo said. The effective cut income tax burden carry West Germans great U.S. Although rate reduction small income tax level remain high overall report said. REUTER 