Deputy Foreign Trade Minister Janusz Kaczurba told Reuters Poland diverge traditional Communist bloc centrally-planned economic policy want bring economic renewal compete markets. Stressing commitment series reform recently introduce streamline economy boost export-oriented industry call expansion role private sector. Asked whether policy government advocate represent departure strictly control economic model Soviet bloc interview Reuters "I don't alternative try proceed line economic reasoning." He refer specifically bankruptcy "the logical outcome stringent economic policy" stop prop enterprise guarantee job regardless inefficient were. He add "We follow policy create whereby manager really responsible overall economic effect enterprises. This reduction subsidies." But note curtail bureaucracy branch ministry allow domestic price reflect market foreign exchange rate realistic provide incentive export-oriented industry encourage private business. Kaczurba talk Reuters effect economy U.S. Sanctions impose 1982 response suppression Solidarity trade union martial law. He acknowledge Poland's economic decline add problem try regain market support Western creditor Washington lift remain restriction restore Most Favoured Nation trading status month. Western official Polish good competitive quality trade war protectionism amongst U.S. Japanese European competitors. Reaffirming government's view key solve problem meeting payment 33.5 billion dlr foreign debt lay increase hard currency export Kaczura private enterprise play great role. "I 20000 private enterprise active export-oriented operator successfully convince policy towards (private) sector stabilised" said. Poland already developed private sector East European countries. Among economic reform already Kaczurba list easy access hard currency profit tax incentive access investment credit devaluation zloty increase competitivity prices. He policy welcome World Bank International Monetary Fund Poland hop gain credit Poles caught "vicious circle." Creditors want proof policy direct towards improve export fulfil expectation Poland need fresh input said. REUTER 