Paul Volcker's resignation Federal Reserve Board chairman creates serious leadership vacuum deep uncertainty future management third-world debt crisis banker said. They Volcker official hold financial together Mexico halt payment August 1982 played central role since. "Where leadership from? Suddenly there's terrible void" New York banker said. Volcker's expertise sorely miss International Monetary Fund manage director Michel Camdessus job Barber Conable find hard mark World Bank president banker said. Moreover Volcker's successor Alan Greenspan little experience international affair third debt. "Greenspan sensitivity issue understand complexity Volcker has. Volcker understands motivates outside U.S. That gut. Greenspan intuitive feeling" banker said. This banker discuss debt question Greenspan described view simplistic. But Robert Hormats Goldman Sachs Co worried Greenspan's lack international experience. "People rush judgment Greenspan I'm sure they'll excellent replacement" Hormats former Administration official. Anyone nominate replace Volcker pal initial comparison Hormats said. "Volcker status financial demigod can't attain status overnight" said. One veteran debt rescheduler Volcker together Bank England deserves credit keep banking intact Mexico's default. "If hadn't look lot now" said. "Whether agree superb grasp ideas." Certainly banker agree Volcker. In particular roundly criticize force September grant Mexico generous term 77 billion dlr new-loan debt reschedule agreement. "Volcker lose lot credibility overstep bound push package onto banks" comment banker help negotiate Mexican deal. Another critic Citicorp chairman John Reed 13/16 pct margin deter bank lender delay Mexico's return voluntary markets. It review fate Mexican deal - follow Chile Venezuela Philippines Argentina - help convince Reed debt crisis solve Citicorp need bolster reserve loan bad. "It certainly contribute feel malaise" Citicorp banker describe impact Mexican package bank's decision add billion dlrs reserve loan losses. That decision follow Chase Manhattan Security Pacific Corp profoundly alter strategy creditor debtor alike tackle debt crisis. But sure impact be. "It's difficult anyone debt Volcker picture add uncertainty" banker said. Reuter 