The International Monetary Fund predicts industrial grow sluggish 2.5 pct 1987 sharp drop pct forecast six month ago monetary source said. The forecast prepared IMF staff form basis debate economic policy coordination official top industrial nation high-level meeting week. The source IMF predicts expansion 2.5 pct U.S. shave full original 1987 forecast release fall. The figure discuss IMF's executive board IMF's policy-making Interim Committee week subject slight revision said. The Reagan administration forecast 3.2 pct U.S. economic growth pessimistic Fed official predict 2.5 pct. The source IMF predicts growth 2.5 pct West Germany 2.8 pct Japan. Washington extract promise West Germany Japan measure bolster domestic economic growth reduce massive gap huge trade surplus record American trade deficit. Poor economic growth figure nation U.S. likely little reassure currency markets. In recent day dollar heavy sell pressure market grown cynical Bonn Tokyo action. With economic stimulus sight financial market reduce dollar's value level likely balance U.S. trade monetary analyst say. Monetary source IMF forecast overall growth develop nation pct develop country western hemisphere -- Caribbean Central South America -- expand 3.3 pct. In recent annual report Inter-American Development Bank Latin American nation expand five pct service 382 billion dlrs foreign debt. Non-oil export Third World nation achieve expansion cent oil export nation average growth source said. Also short mark level industrial country growth. Western official maintain industrial need expand cent annually -- year's initial IMF prediction 2.5 pct -- support export drive debtor nations. Exports provide indebted owes western creditor 900 billion dlrs principal source foreign exchange debt repayments. In forecast IMF overall global growth 2.8 pct output seven lead industrial nation 2.5 pct. The seven -- United States Japan West Germany Britain France Italy Canada -- main forum coordination medium-term economic policy industrial world. The prediction seven 2.5 pct growth 1987. The Fund Canadian growth 2.7 pct French expansion 2.9 pct Britain 2.8 pct. The figure discuss overall debate World Economic Outlook U.S. debt strategy Interim Committee. Those talk meeting top economic official industrial develop nation semi-annual meeting IMF World Bank. Reuter 