Private Export Funding Corp PEFCO offering 150 mln dlrs secure note due 1994 8.60 pct coupon par pricing J.P. Morgan Securities Inc act lead manager corporate debt deal. "To knowledge affiliate bank hold company manager corporate bond offering U.S." spokesman J.P. Morgan Co Inc said. J.P. Morgan Securities affiliate J.P. Morgan Co fifth large bank U.S. The J.P. Morgan spokesman explain PEFCO note guaranteed U.S. government security affiliate prohibit Glass-Steagall Act underwriting issue. Indeed Bankers Trust Co Citicorp Investment Bank affiliate Bankers Trust New York Corp Citicorp respectively co-managers PEFCO offering. Passed Congress 1933 Glass-Steagall bar commercial bank own brokerage firm engage investment banking activity underwriting corporate security municipal revenue bonds. Last major U.S. bank form investment banking affiliate apply Federal Reserve Board authorization offer commercial paper underwrite trade municipal revenue bond form mortgage-backed securities. J.P. Morgan Securities receive permission Fed week ago activity spokesman said. But Securities Industry Association trade investment banking firm appeal decision. J.P. Morgan appeal believe Fed place restriction bank's affiliate spokesman said. "The Securities Exchange Commission stay engage activities" J.P. Morgan spokesman said. "We perfectly eligable underwrite offering. We endeavor prove mysterious business" spokesman said. He add "Ruling market serve policy. J.P. Morgan Securities form April 1986 capitalization 250 mln dlrs spokesman said. At year-end 1986 firm 261.5 mln dlrs capital. Dillon Read Co Inc Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Salomon Brothers Inc serve co-managers PEFCO deal. The issue's yield 50 basis point comparable Treasury securities. The note non-callable life. A top-flight AAA rating Moody's Standard Poor's anticipated. The gross spread 5.75 dlrs sell concession 3.50 dlrs reallowance dlrs. The spokesman J.P. Morgan Securities member underwriting syndicate Sallie Mae issue year. Reuter 