President Reagan fight regain confidence wake Iran arm scandal admit tonight clandestine operation wound arms-for-hostages deal "It mistake." "When manage NSC (National Security Council) staff let's style didn't match previous track record" Reagan television address American people. "I already begin correct this" add prepared remarks. Reagan's speech widely regard critical hope repair presidency detailed response week's scorch Tower commission report secret sale arm Iran diversion profit U.S.-backed contra rebel Nicaragua. Reagan silent scandal wait truth admit "I've paid price silence term trust confidence." He month ago told American trade arm hostage 18-month covert operation. "My heart intention tell true fact evidence tell not" Reagan said. "There reason happen excuses. It mistake" said. Reagan original Iran initiative develop relation assume leadership post-Khomeini government. "It's clear Board's report I personal concern hostage spill geo-political strategy reach Iran. "I question hostages' welfare I didn't ask specific total Iran plan" said. The commission head former Republican Sen. John Tower Reagan's "intense compassion" Americans held pro-Iranian group Lebanon result unprofessional unsatisfactory policy. It portrayed 76-year Reagan care wide-ranging probably illegal activity National Security Council (NSC) staff hatch operation. Reagan endorse Tower commission's recommendation run NSC add "In I'm beyond recommendation order." He note appoint former Senate Republican leader Howard Baker chief staff hop Baker forge partnership Congress "especially foreign security policies." He security adviser Frank Carlucci rebuild security staff "with proper management discipline." Reagan half NSC professional staff consist people. He FBI Director William Webster nominee CIA "understands meaning 'rule law'". Reagan announce Tower agree serve member Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board act watchdog nation's covert activities. But issue directive bar NSC staff undertaking covert operation -- "No ifs ands buts." Tonight's speech cry Reagan's initial strong defense Iran policy. In televise speech November 13 Reagan call charge ransom hostage undercut U.S. terrorism "utterly false." As recently month ago State Union speech Reagan "serious mistake made" defend basic policy worthy goals. By contrast tonight's speech apologetic tone marked departure Reagan's usual upbeat confident demeanor. He full responsibility action "and administration." "As angry I activity undertaken knowledge I be accountable activities. As disappointed I serve I be answer American behavior" Reagan said. Reagan message nation move Republicans Democrats Congress ally -- "and we're reading signal Soviets." His remark reference Soviet willingness reach agreement eliminate medium-range nuclear missile Europe. Reuter 