In search way cut spending U.S. farm program policymakers adviser cite trading option contract alternative federal income price supports. Critics costly federal farm program maintain government guarantee minimum support price farmer systematically option contract protect themselves vacillate market prices. "With agricultural option available government price support program provide price stability farmers" Heritage Foundation conservative tank recent position paper. "Washington longer need restrict level variability commodity market prices. Farmers agribusiness achieve benefit price stability trading option markets" paper write Clemson University professor Kandice Kahl said. Critics farm program contend option offer benefit price support program entail cost taxpayers. Kahl's paper urge farmer buy "put" option obtain sell particular price private seller option contract. "This give farmer guaranteed price allows profit high market price available forego option" Kahl said. Interest promote understand option trading farmer stir Congress propose change agricultural policy effect expose participant federal farm program fluctuation income subsidies. The proposal -- support Reagan administration cross-section lawmaker -- allow farmer receive 92 pct income subsidy regardless planted. Under current law farmer enrol federal price stabilization program receive income subsidy deficiency payment equal difference target price high support price market price. The so-called decouple plan "0/92" aim curtail surplus production eliminate requirement farmer plant receive deficiency payments. Critics "0/92" plan contend scheme succeed curb surplus output market price rise deficiency payment fall -- leave farmer chose plant shrunken income subsidy crop sell. Sen. Rudy Boschwitz (R-Minn.) forefront effort decouple income support acreage planting advocate replace variable deficiency payment fix gradually decline payment. But farm lawmaker idea offering fix subsidy farmer plant nothing. Some congressional staff intrigue notion have federal government subsidize purchase "call" option farmer hedge income risk. By buying call option farmer obtain buy commodity particular price. If market price rise above option price farmer exercise option sell commodity spot market make reduction deficiency payment. An aide Boschwitz senator offer legislation link option decouple await result pilot project future option trading mandate 1985 farm bill. The bill require USDA association Commodity Futures Trading Commission conduct pilot 40 county produce major crops. The recently launch design encourage producer participate future option market ensure producers' net return fall below county loan level crop question. Reuter 