A government-appointed special prosecutor order filing corruption charge closure private bank Philippine central bank governor Jose Fernandez contest charges. Ombudsman Raul Gonzalez told Reuters evidence indicate Fernandez misuse office order closure Pacific Banking Corp> July 1985. He charge Fernandez file "within week" special court corruption case add defendant appeal ruling Supreme Court. Fernandez New York talk Philippines' creditor bank reschedule 9.4 billion dlrs country's foreign debt. A central bank statement quote Fernandez say Pacific Bank's closure sale accordance law. "Fernandez point miss appreciation reason filing motion reconsideration (Ombudsman's) resolution" statement said. Central bank source statement draft Fernandez senior deputy governor Gabriel Singson Manila confer telephone. Gonzalez office order charge file hearing submission Fernandez plaintiff Paula Paug president Pacific Bank's Employees Union. In complaint Paug Fernandez act arbitrarily order closure Pacific Bank place receivership give bank appeal throw hundred employee work. Paug Fernandez withdrawn stockholding Far East Bank Trust Company Pacific Bank's asset become central bank governor January 1984. Fernandez found Far East 1960. She allege Fernandez misuse position appoint Far East bank executive central bank consultancy give access Pacific Bank records. She dispute Fernandez' interpretation Pacific's account January 1980 May 1985 claim bank profit loss. The central bank statement quote Fernandez stress Pacific Bank "repeatedly notice continue loss bank immediate put additional capital eliminate insolvency." It central bank try assist bid Bank Hawaii Philippine sugar trader Antonio Chan purchase Pacific Bank negotiation collapse "because legal impediments." The statement central bank invite bank submit offer Pacific sale Far East approve Monetary Board Fernandez alone. Fernandez quote statement say divest interest Far East Bank become central bank governor. A Far East Bank spokesman decline comment charge Fernandez. In footnote 12-page resolution recommend prosecution Fernandez Gonzalez prima facie evidence misuse exist country's Monetary Board Far East executive order investigation. He Fernandez's action fit political climate former President Ferdinand Marcos's final years. "(The) prevail mood office either imitate penchant President Marcos wife run roughshod human right citizen ... Or follow blindly canine devotion instruction above" Gonzalez wrote. Gonzalez name post 11 month ago office receive 4000 complaint misuse power. He face prosecution five provincial governor appoint President Corazon Aquino. REUTER 