Consuming country chasten collapse International Tin Council (ITC) price support operation 1985 insist commodity pact reflect reality market serve Reuter survey showed. They price range responsive market trend - avoid overstimulating output strain accords' support operation - intervention rule avoid risk export non-members undermine pacts. Consumers producer mindful ITC buffer stock loss sought strict condition buffer operations. Importers key export country shun generalise approach commodity price stabilisation prefer ass commodity survey showed. The International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) week precise limit Buffer Stock Manager (BSM) agreement. It impose daily weekly purchase limit prohibit BSM operating future market stipulate consumer insistence 15 pct total buffer stock purchase non-member cocoa. This prevent low quality cocoa Malaysia world's fourth large producer undermine market. The cocoa pact establishes precise differential Buffer Stock Manager purchasing vary grades. A International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA) adopt earlier month Geneva. Importing export country agree change reference price responsive market trend eliminate provision buffer stock borrow bank finance operations. Direct cash contribution fund buffer stock purchases. Bank financing particular feature fail ITC buffer stock suffer loss run hundred million sterling. Legal wrangle continue. Recent International Coffee Organization (ICO) negotiation London exemplify degree consumer insist agreement reflect market reality commodity analyst said. Consumers producer argue "objective criteria" define export quota share meant reduction share Brazil world's lead producer. Brazil want maintain previous quota share 30 pct. The talk broke ICO executive board meeting start London delegate trade source chance near term negotiation export quota distribution remote. International agreement exist sugar wheat. These economic clause provide forum discussion future economic agreement collect statistic draw market analyses. Analysts difference sugar export country held progress towards accord economic teeth sheer competition major exporter amid grain glut militate pact economic provision wheat. An alternative focus commodity discussion international study group government advice industry lead zinc rubber. The U.N. Common fund commodity plan directly contribute capital 470 mln dlrs fail operational neither U.S. Nor Soviet Union ratify it. U.S. Officials Washington U.S. Doubts fund able fulfil objective cite lack widespread support. U.S. Officials Washington Malaysian official Kuala Lumpur express policy look commodity pact case. U.S. Officials willing study individual case economically sound market-oriented commodity accord balance producer consumer interests. "We little gain attempt increase price commodity whose long-term trend downward" official Administration policy states. The U.S. Currently belongs international commodity agreement economic clause - International Coffee Agreement (ICA) INRA - member sugar wheat pacts. The U.S. Did join International Cocoa Agreement consider propose price range unrealistic design protect interest consume country State Department said. U.S. Officials single INRA commodity agreement seem working. U.S. Negotiators successful get pact agree price review adjustment mechanism rubber agreement accurately reflect market trend continue accord market orient agreement U.S. Officials said. Canadian official Ottawa consistently try look membership commodity pact merit case. Malaysian Primary Industries Minister Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters Kuala Lumpur country world's top producer rubber tin palm oil decides participation international commodity pact case. Malaysia member Association Tin Producing Countries (ATPC) produce 65 pct tin. The ATPC launch plan limit member tin export 96000 tonne March cut tin surplus 50000 70000. Economist West German Ministry Agriculture delegate cocoa wheat sugar agreement Peter Baron told Reuters London "Agreements economic clause stabilise price function fix price range close market reality full participation producer consumer participant prepared obligation framework agreement seriously." But Baron add "No real sanction available country doesn't stick obligations...The German approach sceptical. We don't agreement instrument develop countries. They meant vehicle transfer resource develop country interpret them." Traditionally Britain supportive commodity agreement reflect strong link Third World produce countries. But recently demand stringent justifiable pact emphasis place "intellectual honesty" "objective criteria" grown. British official stress commodity pact partnership trade disguise aid. It see essential pact involve direct market participation buffer stock degree transparency contain risk open-ended borrowing occur tin pact said. U.K. Delegates talk stabilisation price reflect change market structure price trend dictate price be. A Foreign Ministry official Tokyo Japan urge price realism commodity pact add price inflate supply. A government spokesman Paris France favourable commodity pacts. France consumer producer sugar favour sugar pact reflect real market situation particularly regard stocks. Indonesia's Foreign Minister Mochtar Kusumaatmadja told Reuters Jakarta: "These agreement problem cyclical..But it's matter structural problems..But commit commodity agreement act faith." Nicaraguan External Trade Minister Alejandro Martinez Cuenca London producer cannot afford backing commodity agreements. "The political consumer agreement work" Martinez Cuenca said. The economics department Brazilian Foreign Ministry Sebastiao Rego Barros told Reuters agreement successful keep link market reality. If agreement coffee quota link price practise inside pact actual market price work. UNCTAD spokesman Graham Shanley consume country realise steady export earnings enhance develop countries' ability service debt mean great demand industrialise nations' capital goods. REUTER 