Controversy surround U.S.-backed reform Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) underscore mount challenge Washington's current debt strategy accord Latin American official delegate IADB meeting begin today. The bank's policy-making board Saturday postpone decision reform June view strong Latin American opposition U.S. Proposals strengthen control lending region. Washington want involve IADB debt strategy increase lending bank's large single shareholder want require country adopt far-reaching economic reform qualify loans. The U.S. Push IADB reform year's meeting Costa Rica particularly sensitive institution Latin Americans traditionally own. "It's issue sovereignty Latin Americans" IADB official said. With 54.2 cent voting bloc Latin American nation relatively easy access 35 billion dlrs project loan bank's found 1959. The bank run past 12 Mexican Antonio Ortiz Mena increasingly critical U.S. Debt strategy years. Ortiz Mena say commercial bank renew lending region debtor grow repay creditors. At news conference week warn Latin default distinct possibility run. Brazil insists debt service obligation interfere growth priority position put issue debt relief squarely focus official delegate said. They creditor ready discus debt forgiveness prefer look scheme debt-equity swap combination continue emphasis economic reforms. Washington want IADB impose great condition lending threaten block increase appropriation bank way. Latin America retain reservation accepts principle set great condition loan unwilling countenance U.S. Demands great veto power lending official delegate said. Washington push veto lower 35 pct simple majority present. Latin Americans unwilling below 40 pct oblige U.S. To line voter voting bloc side. This attempt weaken Latin America's voting particularly threat Washington reduce fund IADB unless reform accepted create considerable resentment Latin Americans. "Debtors already show considerable willingness sacrifice five economic adjustment issue" Latin American official said. The region hop seventh replenishment IADB resource 20 billion dlrs 1987-90 15.7 billion previous four-year period. REUTER 