BankAmerica Corp BAC> Japanese commercial bank buy 350 mln dlrs subordinate capital note prefer stock plan issue boost equity base company spokesman said. BankAmerica vice chairman Frank N. Newman held meeting outline fund-raising plan 20 Japanese bank told Reuters. He stress company's effort streamline operation withdraw unprofitable energy-related area concentrate Californian base. But Newman company intention sell Seafirst Corp Subsidiary Washington. A document obtain Reuters show fund-raising effort involves 250 mln dlrs 12-year subordinate capital note 100 mln convertible prefer stock. It shelf registration SEC issue debt security whenever market condition favorable. The company already raise 100 mln dlrs U.S. Market month added. According document 250 mln dlrs subordinate capital note carry rate 100 basis point three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The minimum rate six pct maxiumum 12 pct. The note redeemable par warrant attach purchase firm's common stock 17.50 dlrs. There 7.5 mln warrant term 10 years. The plan convertible prefer stock carry dividend rate equivalent month LIBOR plus yet undecided premium document said. There sinking fund prefer stock 10-year warrant attach buy BankAmerica common stock. The rest detail prefer stock issue yet work out. On prefer stock note issue BankAmerica fix rate alternative possible. The document BankAmerica raise fund yen desirable Japanese. Those meeting working-level official 13 city long-term credit seven trust bank Japanese banking source said. Newman express hope bank act lead manager project debt security name specific bank source said. No bank commitment company's fund-raising plan little advance said. "Today's meeting held short-notice can't decide it" senior official lead city bank. Newman attempt quell Japanese bankers' fear U.S. Federal Reserve insist deduct equivalent amount security purchase primary capital regulation study U.S. And Britain. Newman told worry understood U.S. Federal Reserve regulation official said. REUTER 