Coffee price fall low bring export import country round negotiate table discus export quota ICO delegate trader said. The failure International Coffee Organization ICO produce consume country agree export quota brought sharp fall international coffee future market London May price reach 4-1/2 low stage 1270 stg tonne end 1314 stg 184 stg previous close. The New York May price 15.59 108.00 cent lb. Pressure build producer return ICO talk sell coffee held hope negotiation establish quota floor price senior trader said. The ICO 15 average price stood 114.66 cent lb March 2. This compare target range 120 140 cent lb operating quota suspend February follow sharp rise international price cause drought damage Brazilian crop. In Reuter interview Brazilian Coffee Institute IBC President Jorio Dauster urge producer panic hard commercial decisions. "If fail ICO tried" Dauster add "now sell coffee." But Brazil keep marketing option open. It plan official estimate forthcoming crop month Dauster said. It difficult forecast now. Trade source crop 26 mln bag compare previous crop 11.2 mln. Brazil define detail sell tender coffee bought London's future market year. A basic condition market "in go" sell minimum six months. The breakdown ICO negotiation reflect split producer consumer yardstick future quotas. Consumers "objective criteria" average export stock determine producer quota share Dauster said. All element proposal negotiation consumer insist return "ad hoc" settle export quota virtual horse trading amongst producer whilst consumer wait corridor ICO. Dauster stock export ICO non-members consider set quota Brazil apply coffee pact ratio overall quota reflect stock holdings. It "simplistic misconception Brazil dictate" policy producers. While consumer country welcome participate cannot dictate quota difficult allocate "objective criteria" achieve share-out quota Dauster said. Other delegate talk ICO difference hidden bad compromise. Consumer delegate prepared accept producers' offer abandon quota prof impossible acceptable basis them. "We basis quota reflect availability encourage stock hold alternative buffer stock supply need stage" delegate said. Some consumer claimed producer support consumer argument gain momentum towards ICO session uncertain whether collapse producer sink difference price fall far remain depressed. The ICO executive board meet March 30 April 1 producer consumer delegate doubt real negotiation begin then. The board due meet Indonesia June full council schedule September. More cynical trader pressure market force politics debt heavy Latin American producer country bring ICO negotiate table sooner imagine. In quota force summer. But delegate trader quota October unlikely Brazil's Dauster note ICO continued quota 1972 1980. A clear difference pressure already importer exporter consumer happy agree formula future quota impose now. At show direct relationship quota availability. In contrast producer want stop-gap quota plug seemingly bottomless market prepared allow lapse last agreement found. "Producers offering jam tomorrow failure discus promise insufficient want cast iron commitment now" consumer said. Reuter 