Currency future International Monetary Market (IMM) likely consolidate near current level nervous trading condition day underlie sentiment remains positive currency analyst said. "Currencies likely muddle levels" Shearson Lehman Brothers analyst Anne Parker Mills. Traders unwilling establish either short position future uncertainty upcoming trade talk U.S. trade legislation said. Japanese prime minister Yasuhiro Nakasone President Reagan meet Thursday Friday discus trade tension country Democratic-led U.S. House Representatives voting controversial trade bill. "Unless really surprising come Nakasone/Reagan talk I don't dollar get above 142 (yen) 1.83 (marks)" Mills said. The equivalent future interbank level 0.007050 0.007025 June yen contract 0.5500 June mark said. June yen close 0.007191 Tuesday June mark finish 0.5602. Mills "the chance (Reagan Nakasone) come limited." One possibility Japanese discount rate cut "they probably won't unless raise discount rate." Recent firmness federal fund rate Federal Reserve's slowness add reserve banking heighten sentiment money-policy make body already tighten credit discount rate hike analyst said. Recent weakness currency strength dollar result nervous shortcovering ahead meeting reaction White House statement Monday support stable dollar Harris bank currency analyst Earl Johnson. Traders "are worried outcome talk Reagan Nakasone" talk late week market chance react development Monday Johnson said. Until Johnson expect dollar remain broad range 1.77 1.85 mark 137 140.50 yen. Chicago Corp analyst John Bilson expect rally European currency near-term yen overbought. "The Japanese move U.S. market" investment fund formerly direct U.S. likely flow Europe Bilson said. The chief beneficiary flow fund sterling Bilson said. "Sterling rate pct above Japanese rate despite half rate cut" Bilson said. Major U.K. bank lower base lending rate 9.5 pct. In addition favorable rate spread attract fund Bilson firm oil market strong political situation Prime Minister Thatcher British investment attractive. Passage trade bill include amendment Missouri Democrat Richard Gephardt force 10 pct annual cut import country excessive trade surplus U.S. fail remove unfair trade barrier U.S. six month negatiations likely pressure yen Bilson said. Bilson legislation unlikely pas Nakasone likely bring promise Japanese market U.S. good government contract U.S. manufacturers. Reuter 