Japanese insurer trust bank corporation largely responsible vitalise U.S. Bond market recent eye stockmarkets U.S. Britain France Hong Kong fund manager said. After concentrate U.S. Treasury bond Japanese institution risk rely similar type investment said. Japan's net buying overseas stockmarkets double triple 15-20 billion dlrs seven billion 1986 Shigeki Matsumoto Nikko Securities Co Ltd said. Matsumoto manages Nikko's investment research strategy evidence Japanese investor poke foreign stockmarkets July firm commitment December net purchase suddenly grow 1.5 billion dlrs 500 mln previous five months. Net buying 1985 total 995 mln dlrs added. This sudden penchent overseas stock likely draw wide smile Wall Street 70 80 pct fund invest U.S. Markets Matsumoto said. "The trend U.S. Market size successful couple years" Eugene Atkinson manage director Goldman Sachs International Corp. Wall Street's massive turnover offer liquidity enable institution easily move volume money share minimum risk added. However holding U.S. Treasuries dwindling. They remain Japanese mainstay fund manager said. Institutions particularly insurance company concentrate income capital gain cover payouts policy holder unlikely sell U.S. Treasuries money Shinichi Kobuse manager Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd's international fix income activities. There sell U.S. Bonds short-term investor sell unlikely amount significant chunk Japanese bond holding liquidity U.S. Bond market remains attractive added. Kobuse investment manager bullish U.S. Equity market despite prediction economist U.S. Economy remain sluggish couple months. Interest Wall Street spur recent report significant growth earnings major U.S. Corporations added. Yutaka Hashimoto manager Nippon Life Insurance Co told economic conference insurance company responsible 26 pct Japanese fund foreign security hold lopsided proportion U.S. Treasuries intend diversify instrument currencies. Insurance company dominant portion fund U.S. But invest Britain West Germany France country Hashimoto said. Lower rate worldwide return stock relatively comparison bond strength yen growth stock value expect offset currency risk added. One trust bank official bank aim 10 pct annual return overseas investment recent decline U.S. 30-year bond yield cause rethink pension fund investment stategies. The bank look U.S. Equities European bond said. Japanese investment British equity already active pace likely increase Andrew Sheaf manager international equity activity County Securities Japan. "Last week busiest week had" said. Investments spur growth profit British company recent deregulation government control firm fund manager said. Deregulation France attract Japanese stock investment inhibit worry French franc said. Investments Hong Kong mostly short-term speculative due uncertainty colony's long-term political stability added. Japanese investor cautious West Germany particularly German firm Japanese counterpart concerned recent dollar fall. Australia pose risk due currency value added. REUTER 