China likely succeed join GATT despite policy contradict free trade western country support entry western diplomat said. China apply join General Agreement Tariffs Trade (GATT) July 1986. The organisation form 1948 integrate world's free market economy regulates 80 pct trade. The GATT secretariat expect submit list detailed question China month start complex entry negotiation diplomat said. One diplomat China's prospect application support United States Japan European Community political economic reasons. "The fear China refuse entry draw bamboo curtain was" said. Another Soviet Union wait wings. "If GATT accepted China hard accept Soviet Union" said. "China's agreement see model Soviet Union. GATT political body." But serious problem tackle talk include China's pricing trade subsidies. GATT base free trade aim low tariff promote trade price alone dictate buy what. One diplomat hard China establish real cost good price contain subsidies. "Even person factory company try real cost official clear answer. The political meaning evident. They answer" said. China's position memorandum GATT February gradually reform price bring price line real production cost replace administrative control market ones. Another diplomat country centralise economy Hungary Yugoslavia join GATT. However China apply membership similar term developed country entitle preferential treatment. He add economy Hungary Yugoslavia China's huge weight felt. "It (China) world's producer coal instance" diplomat said. "It impact trade." Another stick subsidy China pay company export earn foreign exchange pay vitally need technology equipment raw materials. A Japanese trader China lose money tonne grain export difference low price domestic price. A western diplomat official foreign trade bureau major inland Chinese city told export subsidy 100 pct products. "When I subsidy figure country refer Ministry Finance add grin tell me" said. He official unwilling figure sensitivity subject. "Unless change China country GATT put restriction import China" diplomat added. In major speech economy late month Planning Minister Song Ping indirect reference problem. "While try expand export earn foreign exchange improve economic accounting practice reduce cost exports" said. One diplomat China's freedom change foreign trade pricing bring line GATT principle conflict domestic pressures. China major price reform follow widespread discontent 1985 1986 stable price Communist takeover 1949. "So question fast thoroughly China reform economy?" diplomat said. "How balance requirement GATT membership domestic political needs?" But add advantage China's entry outweigh problems. "China's entry force modernise economy" said. "Just China increase access foreign market access domestic market foreign countries." REUTER 