The Bundesbank's option West Germany monetary policy limited foreseeable future delicate stage wage negotiation union employer economist money market dealer said. Call money fell quite active trading drop 3.40/50 pct 3.55/65 pct yesterday below 3.50 pct treasury bill rate difficult month-end approached. But dealer economist Bundesbank unlikely encourage low rate foreseeable future largely fear upset current wage round. One money market dealer major foreign bank "I don't Bundesbank want rate whatever happens. But fall. Above want wait union wage round goes." In West Germany union employer prepare ground triennial wage negotiation base detailed assessment growth inflation economist said. Ute Geipel economist Citibank AG Bundesbank become accommodate monetary policy raise fear quarter return inflation medium term union oblige curtail wage demands. As result Bundesbank concerned move interfere negotiate process Geipel said. In current round country's powerful union IG Metall represent metalworker engineer demand shorten work week 35 hour 38-1/2 accompany five pct increase wages. The engineering employers' association Gesamtmetall offering bring 38-hour-week July 1 1988 stage wage increase -- 2.7 pct rise April 1 1.5 pct July 1 1988. The agreement forge IG Metall -- Europe's large union 2.5 mln -- employer benchmark settlement industry sector bank federal post office. Negotiations December union hopeful conclude April ahead traditional holiday period June. Though economist unions' current warn strike rhetoric negotiate strategy lead repeat 1984's damage seven-week strike union compromise greatly position conflict. This extend length Bundesbank keep activity low-key economist said. The money market unions' humiliation protract financial problem Neue Heimat cooperative housing venture contribute union obstinacy. "The union haven't forgotten squarely onto account negotiations" said. In addition newly-elected chairman IG Metall union Franz Steinkuehler radical determine predecessor Hans Meyer longer battle achieve settlement membership. More 16000 engineering worker 45 firm mainly south Germany held warn strike last hour yesterday. Firms hit include Zahnradfabrik Passau GmbH aerospace Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm GmbH. Today 28000 employee 110 company warn strike statement IG Metall said. Money market dealer overnight call money rate rise near future depend politically-inhibited Bundesbank. About eight billion mark come market tomorrow salary payment federal government. As result bank fell Bundesbank's offer mop liquidity via sale three-day treasury bill anticipate low rate month-end. But pension payment date bank behalf customer due Monday dealer noted. If bank short liquidity bill mature Tuesday rate soar 5.50 pct Lombard ceiling. Banks stock fund have average 52.1 billion mark Bundesbank minimum reserve 24 day March above 50.7 billion requirement. REUTER 