Jefferies Group Inc founder chairman Boyd L. Jefferies resign intend plead guilty felony count violate federal security laws. The company neither Boyd Jefferies nor company engage insider trading neither nor company sought communicate insider information violate ny trust confidence place customers. It governmental authority allege activity Boyd Jefferies' company. The company Boyd Jefferies consent administrative bar security five agree 13 pct hold Jefferies Group stock voting trust period. The company admit allegation Securities Exchange Commission Boyd Jefferies Jefferies Group primary brokerage subsidiary Jefferies Co consent injunction bar future security law violations. It Jefferies Co agree far undertake review assure internal recordkeeping control system compliance federal laws. The company president chief operating officer Frank E. Baxter assume add duty chief executive officer. Boyd Jefferies chief executive. The company criminal charge Boy Jefferies result transaction behalf Jefferies Co agree purchase stock entity control Ivan F. Boesky resell stock Boesky firms. It "Within day purchase market value stock fell sharply pursuant agreement Boesky entity paid Jefferies Co mln dlrs offset loss. The company Boyd Jefferies admit follow loss order Boesky receive bill mln dlrs investment advisory corporate finance service Jefferies Co treat mln dlrs offset loss experienced. It render involice Boyd Jefferies apparently enable Boesky entity false entry book result charge Boyd Jefferies plead guilty aid abet Boesky firm make false entry books. The company Boyd Jefferies plead guilty margin violation result transaction cause Jefferies Co buy share request customer company's trading account. It expect customer responsible loss share receive profit customer fund purchase Boyd Jefferies effect cause Jefferies Co finance full purchase price share violation margin requirement company said. The company quote Boyd Jefferies say "I fully accept sole responsibility transactions. I appropriate I suffer consequence action company." Jefferies Group expect impact operation client base Boyd Jefferies' departure. Reuter 