Financial analyst pleased congressional move trim year's federal budget deficit believe action little improve U.S. trade deficit buoy economy. The House Representatives expect vote tomorrow approve trillion-dollar budget blueprint come fiscal reduces deficit 38 billion dlrs. Similarly Senate Budget Committee approve plan cut federal red ink 37 billion dlrs year. "In term economy 37-38 billion dlrs infinitesimal cut magnitude little impact economy trade deficit" Stanley Collander Touche Ross federal budget policy analyst. "At positive effect" Collander interview. Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul Volcker repeatedly told Congress cut federal red ink reduce massive trade deficit ease downward pressure value dollar. The U.S. government attempt remedy trade imbalance drive value dollar. But Volcker warn far fall dollar's value fraught danger. Such decline refuel inflation import good expensive chase foreign capital need finance federal budget deficit. In addition February U.S. official meeting major industrialize nation Paris agree value dollar drop exchange rate stabilize current levels. As agreement Japan West Germany agree step stimulate economy United States agree cut budget deficit. The alternative drive dollar far deal trade deficit Volcker recently reduce U.S. consumption particularly federal spending. "If don't deal budget deficit everything else counterproductive" Volcker recent testimony Senate Banking Committee. Volcker prefer far tighten government's purse string Fed tighten credit supply action need fight inflationary pressure assure continued flow foreign capital United States. Analysts Fed tighten choke current modest economic expansion threaten recession. Kemper Financial Services economist John Silvia stress deficit reduction none. But size cut consideration Federal Reserve Board flexibility need steer economy keep value dollar plunge far exchange markets. "There's doubt deficit reduction help objective stabilize dollar perserve Fed's flexibility conduct monetary policy answer it's enough" Silvia told Reuters. The U.S. trade deficit government's vex persistent problems. The 1986 deficit 169.8 billion dlrs yet little indication year's figure low administration official predict drop 20 30 billion dlrs year's end. In past Volcker joked lose sleep worry whether Congress cut fat federal budget. On clear attach gradually decline deficit ceiling 1986-1991 period year's Gramm-Rudman balance budget law. While law ceiling 108 billion dlrs year's federal deficit House Senate Budget Committees concede budget plan fall short deficit reduction goal 25 billion dlrs. "For political reason 35 40 billion dlrs you're get" Congress Touche Ross's Collander. "To extraordinary remarkable difficult." Collander real danger Congress short deficit reduction goal Budget panels. "To extent minimum acceptable reduction level" explained. "Anything look failure Wall Street." The budget plan debate House floor low estimate 171 billion dlr deficit begin October 133 billion dlrs cut defense domestic program 38 billion dlrs anticipate spending level year. The Senate Budget Committee call deficit nearly 134 billion dlrs 18.5 billion dlrs tax amount spending cuts. Reuter 