Pennzoil Co frustrate Texaco Inc's TX> decision seek bankruptcy protection 10.3 billion dlr court judgment prepare launch assault include investigate asset Texaco transfer corporate parent subsidiary legal expert said. Joe Jamail Houston lawyer Pennzoil company file challenge Texaco's bankruptcy petition sometime week accuse oil giant bad faith ignore fiduciary responsibility shareholders. The action ignite round debate company stem Texaco's 1984 acquisition Getty Oil Co 10.2 billion dlrs company Pennzoil believe agreement buy. "We're do lot like" Jamail refer bankruptcy court proceed New York. Some legal expert suggest mud-slinging battle bankruptcy court company provoke Congressional whether bankruptcy code lenient permit profitable firm freeze debts. Texaco asset total 34.9 billion dlrs sought protection Sunday Chapter 11 federal bankruptcy code risk have Texas appeal court company post security bond entire amount Pennzoil judgment. Gerald Treece dean South Texas College Law observer litigation past Pennzoil unlikely prove Texaco qualify bankruptcy court simply giant oil company positive cash flow asset exceed liabilities. But Pennzoil successful raise issue whether Texaco improperly transfer asset corporate parent subsidiary unaffected bankruptcy filing Treece said. "Pennzoil's lawyer dog barking heel Texaco wherever go" Treece "I surprised level intensity Pennzoil search hidden Texaco assets." Jamail Pennzoil object Texaco's transfer oil refinery chemical plant Port Arthur Texas corporate parent subsidiary Dec. 9 1985 court judge enter record jury award Texaco. Jamail suggest refinery chemical plant value 1.1 billion dlrs deliberately place reach Texas jury judgment. But Richard Lieb attorney Kronish Lieb Weiner Hellman New York Texaco elect additional subsidiary bankruptcy necessary. In petition file Sunday Texaco Inc corporate parent financial subsidiary include bankruptcy case. The business account pct Texaco's total revenues. Mickey Sheinfeld Houston lawyer represent Continental Airlines historic bankruptcy aside labor union agreement track record bitter Texaco-Pennzoil struggle indicates company spend fight bankruptcy court. "The court interested issue good-faith bankruptcy filings. This prove landmark develop issue" Sheinfeld said. Texaco follow example Manville Corp A.H. Robins Co firm fell bankruptcy expressly avoid pay legal judgments. Bankruptcy law relaxed 1978 company longer need prove insolvent seek protection creditors. Texaco lawyer bristle suggestion company enter bankruptcy spite Pennzoil. Gibson Gayle Texaco lawyer company seek protection creditor Texaco embark internal restructuring plan December 1984 require transfer various asset subsidiaries. But Treece profile Texaco bankruptcy company uncomfortable spotlight. "What seem fair legally correct entirely things" Treece said. "This signal Congress tighten bankruptcy laws. You either chicken duck either bankrupt you're not." Reuter 