Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson's budget contain virtually everything government bond (gilts) market hop likely price race ahead come month analyst trader said. Indeed half hour Lawson complete speech gilt price soar 1-1/2 point extremely sharp gain short period time. Overall rise point day. "This budget incredibly bullish gilt market" Morgan Grenfell Co Ltd economist Stephen Bell said. Analysts reaction budget gilt U.K. Money market U.K. Commercial bank base rate likely cut full tomorrow. Analysts market's euphoria simply reflection supply demand. The crucial piece news budget Public Sector Borrowing Requirement held 4.0 billion stg. By comparison ago PSBR 7.0 billion stg. The low PSBR mean Bank England offer stock market meet funding need scarcity factor sure drive price far analyst said. "The PSBR billion low anyone realistically expected" Bell said. Most market expectation call Chancellor announce PSBR 5.5 billion stg. S.G. Warburg Securities Co Ltd economist John Shepherd overall Bank sell billion security fiscal -- cut 15 pct total issue volume. Chase Manhattan Securities Ltd international economist Andy Wrobleski note Bank already raise 1.8 billion stg year's funding need via series tap issues. The issue partly-paid form full price paid start fiscal therefore count current year's fund raising. But Bank England constrain issue gilt conventional form promise try U.S.-style auction firm bid stock. The Bank offer index-linked issue rate paid investor tie Retail Price Index leave billion stg total raise form traditional stock. Analysts note budget contains provision penny pound cut basic rate income tax line market expectation operator expect cut penny pound. The gilt market approve modest tax cut Shepherd "If pct concerned economy heating again." Also cut penny pound suggests ruling Conservative party re-elected penny cut offer budget year. Analysts gilt market building steam political implication budget suggests election. "All goody budget middle May" Morgan Grenfell's Bell said. "This make June election likely." Bell politically popular provision omit budget lift ceiling amount mortgage eligible tax benefit provision pension implement autumn anyway. At rate little political party expect call election June. Also analyst note budget overboard measure see generous wealthy. "This difficult budget (opposition) Labour party attack" Shepherd said. REUTER 