Debt security issue major U.S. bank pressure secondary market investor shy paper Brazil's suspension payment month analyst trader said. On February 20 Brazil suspend payment 68 billion dlrs owe foreign commercial banks. No date establish renewal payments. "Buyers back bank paper. These security difficult sell despite rise yields" corporate bond trader. "Debt issue major money center bank probably continue trade Brazil situation resolved" Loretta Neuhaus vice president Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. "I told investor stay bank general" added. "But I receive inquiry prospective buyer lately either." Traders debt security U.S. bank perceive investor heavily expose Latin American debtor nation decline moderately price week. They difference bid offer widened. "There trading bank issue days" underwriter refer wider bid/offer spreads. However point secondary market see heavy sell institution fund investors. "The sell steady past couple weeks. But panicky" trader. In addition institutional source told Reuters Friday Salomon Brothers Inc lower investment rating stock U.S. money centers. But source understood action sell recommendation. While institutional source Salomon lower rating M O-plus bank stock bond trader carry secondary market far undermined confidence bank paper. The bank affected Salomon's change investment cod Bank New York Co Inc BK> Bankers Trust Co BT> Chase Manhattan Corp CMB> Chemical New York Corp CHL> Citicorp CCI> Irving Bank Corp V> Manufacturers Hanover Corp MHC> J.P. Morgan Co Inc JPM> Marine Midland Banks Inc MM> Republic New York Corp RNB> Bank Boston Corp BKB> First Chicago Corp FNB> source said. The institutional source Salomon cite filing Securities Exchange Commission Citibank lead bank Citicorp. Citibank Friday told SEC earnings reduce 50 mln dlrs after-tax quarter 190 mln dlrs declare 3.9 billion dlrs medium- long-term Brazilian loan non-performing. "I believe renegotiation Brazil bank bank charge loan Brazil" Merrill Lynch's Neuhaus commented. But investor widely expect remain leery buying bank paper accord analyst traders. In unrelated development RJR Nabisco Inc RJR> paid bond trader amount "penalty fee" company tapped domestic debt market Friday. RJR Nabisco sell 500 mln dlrs sinking fund debenture due 2017 via lead manager Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. The debenture 8-5/8 pct coupon price 98.675 yield 8-3/4 pct 115 basis point off-the-run 9-1/4 pct Treasury bond 2016. The yield premium Treasuries great similar financing January. On January 22 Nabisco sell 500 mln dlrs same-maturity same-rated sinking fund debenture price yield 8.62 pct 107 basis point 9-1/4 pct Treasury bonds. Both issue rat A-1 Moody's A S P. Bond trader note Nabisco call redemption 1.2 billion dlrs 11.20 pct note 1997. Nabisco buy 107.50 trader said. "The redemption attractive double-digit yield issue taint Nabisco investors' eyes" trader. "Obviously lot prospective buyer believe Nabisco pay high yield that." Traders assert high yield Friday's pricing reflect total debt issuance billion dlrs Nabisco. "Investors show sign indigestion" remark trader. Traders expect Nabisco float debt come week finance redemption 11.20 pct notes. Officers Shearson's syndicate desk decline comment. IDD Information Service 30-day corporate visible supply rise 3.28 billion dlrs week 1.79 billion dlrs previous week. Reuter 