The oil price collapse 1986 development vast petroleum resource -- heavy extra heavy oil -- hold. But oil price increase long-term economic outlook favorable oil industry expert said. "Estimated potential reserve extra heavy oil exceed 500 billion barrel half locate Venezuela" Juan Chacin Guzman President Petroleos de Venezuela told World Petroleum Congress. "And virtually unused resource represent prime example invest technology ensure tomorrow's energy future" added. Venezuela reduce heavy crude oil output favor oil economics limited market. Not refinery upgraded process heavy oils. "Improved technology potential reduce capital investment operating cost typical heavy oil development project 30 pct more" Gordon Willmon VP manager oil sand coal department Esso Resources Canada Ltd World Petroleum Congress. Crude oil price fell 10 dlrs dlrs barrel summer OPEC increase production gain market share risen 18 dlrs OPEC production/pricing agreement basically tact. Willmon medium crude oil currently supply 90 pct oil demand yet account 25 pct remain petroleum resources. "So future demand increasingly met various form heavy oil" Willmon said. Heavy crude oil resource include extra-heavy oil/tar sand natural bituminous sand oil shale (in sedimentary rock). Willmon cite major factor heavy oil development economical include real stable growth crude oil price favorable fiscal term improve technology. He expect "all piece puzzle fit together." But caution short-term outlook sensitive crude oil prices. And factor development heavy oil recovery price crude. Willmon price crude eight dlrs high heavy crude incentive oil company upgrade refinery process heavy oil. He current price differential five dlrs barrel. Willmon indicate benchmark crude oil price above 20 dlrs ideal. But currently study broad range potential cost-effective technology resource recovery transportation upgrade heavy oil permit commercial development despite low crude oil price outlook. Willmon technology include enhance recovery steam injection oil-and-water emulsion reduce viscocity heavy oil flow easily pipeline. He technology substantially reduce current captial investment operating costs. But emphasize innovative technology alone encourage investment oil price show meaningful sustain recovery. Most expense associate heavy oil production fix operating cost oil sand project exploration accord Robert Smith Senior VP Operations Syncrude Canada Ltd>. While exploration cost conventional crude oil range nine dlrs barrel discovery cost synthetic crude oil sand nearly zero location nature deposit know accord Smith. But remote location oil sand deposit mean everything require build operate plant outside area. Willmon "Public policy provide financial support offset cost technology developmemt generate project survive low oil price extend period time." U.S. Energy Secretary John Herrington "The Reagan Administration firmly commit equivocation continue effort improve condition incentive marketplace spur oil gas exploration development." Reuter 