The nation's exchange brokerage house computer system strain avalanche trading trigger past week's stock market collapse. And financial instry's hi-tech resource able handle crisis sudden surge trading volume likely force exchange security firm revamp computer system communication network earlier plan industry official said. "We already start process increase New York Stock Exchange's capacity" Jim Squyres spokesman Securities Industry Automation Corp run central computer network New York American Stock Exchanges. "We seriously consider speed up" said. After straight day record volume exchange push system untested limits. And exchange computer handle crush broker trader complain lose trade delayed price quotes. The serious problem arose Monday record fall 508 point dow volume 600 mln share New york stock exchange stun entire industry. The American Stock Exchange's order-routing crashed 10 minute trading closed. The Pacific Stock Exchange suspend half-hour catch massive backlog trades. And price-quote feed supply NYSE cut time leave trader quote 45 minute behind actual market. Although computer whir late exchange open Tuesday problem few NYSE volume swell 610 mln shares. Combined volume NYSE American over-the-counter exchange topped 900 mln shares. "I we're equip trading" Paul Stevens executive vice president operation American Stock Exchange. "The computer handle volume strain people" said. "The computer turn hero thing" add DuWayne Peterson executive vice president technology Merrill Lynch Co Inc. In official big constraint trading cause old machine exchange floor card printer issue buy sell orders. But computer executive spoke awe systems' ability hold unprecedented pressure start plan future. "We lot innovative handle volume" Squyres Securities Industry Automation Corp (SIAC) jointly own New York American Stock exchanges. SIAC plan boost capacity 50 pct 1990. But improvement earlier. Meanwhile New York Telephone Co Monday's panic sell wreak havoc telephone system. "It normally heavy day" company spokesman Steve Marcus. Reuter 