Some major Japanese institutional investor gradually return invest U.S. Treasuries fear dollar yet bottom kept cautiously wait sidelines. Trust bank investment trust start look buying treasury short-term gain investment trust insurer wary accord fund manager poll Reuters. The five percentage gap U.S. And Japanese long-term bond major attraction T-bonds. Most institution remain sensitive prospect dollar decline make huge foreign exchange loss foreign bond holding fiscal end March. The seven lead local insurer alone loss foreign bond holding 1700 billion yen 11.5 billion dlrs 1986/87 industry source said. However institutional investor buy U.S. T-bonds due absence profitable domestic instruments. "Despite negative factor definite demand U.S. Securities" Osamu Fukushima deputy manager Mitsui Trust Banking Co Ltd's security department. Another trust bank fund manager "What matter fundamental U.S. Economy competitiveness U.S. Industry. We closely watch growth U.S. Exports measure fundamental strength dollar." The U.S. Trade deficit's decline April due 1.2 billion dlr decline import export show recovery said. One insurance company fund manager "We doubt U.S. Government fight trade fiscal deficit especially announcement Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker's resignation." "The receptive stance U.S. Congress call far dollar fall cut country's trade deficit make wary U.S. Bonds purchases" insurance company fund manager said. Yuji Miyaji deputy manager Sumitomo Trust Banking Co Ltd's security investment department "We slowly start buy U.S. Bonds gap 500 basis point U.S. And Japan attractive However pessimistic dollar's far recovery. We U.S. Economic fundamental change far." Keijirou Fukushima manager Yamaichi Investment Trust Management Co Ltd's bond portfolio management department "We invest U.S. Bonds gradually improve inflation outlook limited chance far steep fall dollar now." "We already reduce forward dollar sell volume 40 pct total foreign asset 60 pct" said. Another insurance company fund manager "We start invest U.S. Treasury security trading basis." REUTER 