U.S. Bond trading likely remain cautious near term downward price bias market participant focus trend dollar economy Federal Reserve policy economist said. Most expect economy continue show modest gain dollar fall Fed keep policy essentially steady months. Until trend clearer "the market attempt establish hold trading range high rates" economist Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. Merrill Lynch economist Raymond Stone Ward McCarthy fundamental generally bode healthy investment climate market confidence environment illumination confidence U.S. Dollar/trade policy. Salomon Brothers' Henry Kaufman bond market highly sensitize dollar movement encourage currency market seem stabilize U.S. And overseas economic growth perceive slow sharply. "The crucial question soon either development likely occur" Kaufman said. "Market uncertainty erosion portfolio manager confidence continue portfolio sell pressure longer" Philip Braverman chief economist Irving Securities Corp. However Braverman "from longer term perspective current (bond) price provide buying opportunity." Despite nearly one-point bond price rebound Friday unexpectedly weak March employment data key 30-year Treasury bond lose 2-1/4 point price week Thursday's 7.93 pct closing yield 1987 high. Braverman historical evidence suggests bond yield 7.93 pct provide basis optimism. Bonds close 7.86 pct Friday. The Irving economist note time similar "paroxysm pessimism" key bond reach similar closing yield high. Within six week instance Braverman bond price recover bring yield sharply 63 82 basis points. Mitchell Held Smith Barney Harris Upham Co Inc portfolio manager believe yield approach nine pct midyear considers unlikely. Held late 1986 Smith Barney analyst spoken risk rate move high continue believe upward bias likely persist months. Held conversation portfolio manager week appear increase belief rate rise begin yield approach nine pct midyear. Naturally mean sharp bond price fall. "Yields rise far month rise 65 basis rise we've see start year" Held said. Most expect Fed policy neutral bond near term. "The Fed currently frozen fix stance" economist Aubrey G. Lanston Co Inc. They Fed cannot tighten policy push rate appropriate stabilize dollar renew inflationary psychology. That harm fragile U.S. Economic expansion. The Lanston economist "The Fed cannot ease policy stance foster rapid economic growth calm domestic Third World debt jitter threat cause far decline dollar." Minutes February's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting release Friday show FOMC left policy unchanged inclined firm ease policy condition economy foreign exchange credit market warrant policy shift. However economist generally believe continued fairly sluggish U.S. Economic growth financial strain U.S. Banks result loan develop country rule Fed policy firming. There broad agreement economist FOMC Tuesday's meeting left Fed policy unchanged. This week's U.S. Economic data expect little impact. February consumer instalment credit number due Wednesday March producer price data Friday. There mild relief quarter U.S. Purchasing Managers Composite Index closely-watched economic indicator rise 53.9 pct March 51.9 pct. A Friday rumor higher. The index's quarter average 53.9 pct translate real GNP growth pct continued 1987. Federal fund trade 5-15/16 pct late Friday expect Fed action seen. REUTER 