Senior U.S. banker seek calm furore Philippines cause term Argentina's financing package source New York close Manila government finance minister Jaime Ongpin mood compromise. Ongpin angry bank grant Argentina rate spread 13/16 pct Mexico won week tell Philippines accept 7/8 pct Mexican margin repeated. Bankers acknowledge political sensitivity spread urge Ongpin examine Argentine package entirety. Argentina instance offering bank 3/8 pct participation fee sign deal 30 day (declining 1/8 pct bank commit 60 days) boost all-in rate pay package. "You deal 13/16 pct" banker said. Another refer Philippine debt negotiator "The reason they'd New York political economic." Ongpin estimate extra 1/16 percentage cost 5.1 mln dlrs year. But source close Philippines Ongpin's anger go beyond dollars. He minister feel personally betrayed banker insist Mexico's 13/16 pct rock-bottom spread duplicated. Top U.S. Treasury Federal Reserve official same. The source Ongpin unlikely U.S. press expect Philippines' bank advisory committee head Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co negotiate spread reduction telex. Ongpin Philippines unilaterally start pay low rate clear committee telex prepared pay Mexico Argentina source said. "The Philippines really mean this. I don't there's compromise" said. Manufacturers Hanover decline comment issue. The Philippines month won agreement reschedule 10.3 billion dlrs debt 17 rate 7/8 pct whereas 30 billion dlrs Argentine debt stretch 19 spread 13/16 pct. Bankers force break word political circumstance change past weeks. In particular clear Argentina serious threat suspend payment unless deal. Fearing Argentine moratorium stiffen resolve neighbour Brazil already suspend payment bank urge Reagan Administration bow Argentina's demands. Some U.S. banker argue regardless politics rich menu option Argentine package make attractive justify 13/16 pct reschedule rate. "When (the Philippines) package realize Mexican deal" banker Argentine agreement. The Argentine pact contains feature Mexican accord "exit bonds" option provide money via bearer bond trade facility onlending provision debt-equity conversion scheme. Moreover Argentina request 1.95 billion dlrs loan compare Mexico's 7.7 billion pay 7/8 pct money instead 13/16 pct charge Mexico. This line argument cut ice Filipinos note drily money all. "The bank react level politics Argentina try justify term economics they're problem Philippines Venezuela" source close Manila government. Because Easter holiday banker yet official reaction Venezuela pay 7/8 pct 20.2 billion dlr rescheduling. But acknowledge Caracas told Mexico spread inviolate quite likely demand low spread. Bankers sanguine Chile. Because fire human-rights record government General Augusto Pinochet unlikely attract attention seek renegotiate recent debt package carry pct banker said. They hope temper cool Philippines accept reopen agreement 4-1/2 tough month negotiate trouble worth. Reuter 