The economic package unveiled yesterday ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) mark start major shift policy past private economist government official said. "A step forward taken" Industrial Bank Japan Ltd senior economist Susumu Taketomi. The package see response mount overseas pressure boost sag Japanese economy call supplementary budget 5000 billion yen plus increase imports. Although measure gain approval Finance Ministry economist government difficult alter measure significantly gain domestic overseas backing. "At LDP Ministry Finance turn corner" Sumitomo Bank Ltd's chief economist Masahiko Koido. For past five government adhere tight fiscal policy drive stop issue deficit financing bond 1990. To meet goal spending department require submit annual budget current expenditure 10 pct below previous investment five pct below. Masayoshi Ito chairman LDP's policy affair council yesterday government stick 1990 fiscal reform target review ceiling place work spending. Even Finance Ministry official privately acknowledge policy change need include ease government's iron grip spending. Economists government meet 1990 target increase spending use money sale Nippon Telegraph Telephone Corp share take advantage low expect rate debt. Officially Finance Ministry adhere tight stance sign change appeared. "We intention abandon objective restore fiscal balance" Finance Ministry spokesman said. He ministry try achieve goal simultaneously. These reform government's fiscal position stimulate domestic demand. But Finance Ministry spokesman add "In look current situation economy relationship Japan United States feel emphasis stimulate demand." Economists predict battle government come month Finance Ministry fight ensure crack policy lead complete breakdown fiscal discipline. "The Ministry afraid hole dike lead flood" Industrial Bank's Taketomi said. But Taketomi ministry provide device check excess spending political reason likely go-ahead shift policy. "This seem mark step active fiscal policy response request international community" said. Sumitomo's Koido government quickly implement LDP's 5000 billion yen package economic growth 1987/88 end March 31 pct His current forecast 2.2 pct growth assumes supplementary budget 1000 billion yen. REUTER 