The Hong Kong dollar fix rate market shut afternoon 200 mln H.K. Dlr certificate deposit issue Chinese state-owned Bank Communications Ltd Hong Kong branch suddenly surface banker said. Disgruntled dealer market slowly road recovery bout sell-off February fragile absorb issue. Brokers deal surprise major player stop make market exist issues. The fix rate market consists mainly CDs tie swap asset repackaging fall month ago due indigestion 18 CD issue total 2.3 billion dlrs flood market January. Bankers shake-up result participant push market fast January amid intense speculation Hong Kong dollar's 7.80 peg rate U.S. Dollar soon changed. The speculation depressed local rate unleashed flood issues. But speculation fade February rate climbed government remain adamant maintain peg trigger adjustment fix rate capital market. By late February market recover considerably Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Morgan Guaranty Trust Co New York launch issue push market again. Since issue nearly week China Development Finance Co (H.K.) Ltd (CDFC) unit Bank China launch five-year deal 7.05 pct quarterly payment mid-afternoon today. Brokers market steady morning slip marginally late morning rumour issue circulated. When deal launch major player quickly suspend trading refuse quote price issue broker said. "We don't market going" European banker. They Bank Communications issue trade low 99.70 push 99.90/95 10 basis fee add buying mainly sister bank Bank China group. An official Chinese bank deal launch effective yield 7.26 pct line market time. But European banker pricing issue IN market conditionS "the timing right." "If bank patience wouldn't launch issue market right" dealer said. "But reason overly pessimistic" said. "The effect issue market bad happen DKB Morgan deals." Despite criticism banker CDFC manage recruit 10 underwriter composition yet finalised. "Any trader recommend bank join deal" dealer. "But consideration relationship." He admit bank join co-manager. A banker reason market maker decide shut willing join issue. "Perhaps jealous Chinese entity take sole lead position Chinese issue" said. Previously Chinese entity act co-lead manager whether Chinese foreign issues. REUTER 