The U.S. Congress oil industry deeply divide way government assist industry hurt sharp fall oil price subsequent growth oil import industry analyst said. "The industry deeply divide support oil tariff believe tax incentive better" Daniel Yergin director Cambridge Energy Research Associates recently complete survey U.S. Congress energy issues. Yergin mount support Congress tax incentive oil tariff import fee. Today U.S. Energy Secretary John Herington propose tax incentive increase edomestic oil natural gas exploration production Reagan Administration consideration. White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater proposal reviewed. Herrington "I shoot mln barrel (addition) U.S. production." U.S. oil output 8.4 mln bpd week March 13 six pct American Petroleum Institute said. Oil industry analyst forecast oil price average 18 dlrs barrel believe move above level unlikey near term. Paul Mlotok oil analyst Salomon Brothers Inc "even rise price week we've alter average price scenerio 17.50 dlrs year." Analysts price renew drilling exploration reverse decline U.S. crude oil output company wait stable price 20 dlrs renew exploration. John Lichtblau president Petroleum Industry Research Foundation Inc New york recent testimony Congress "The continue decline U.S. oil production virtually inevitable realistic price scenario. But future rate decline function oil price U.S. government policy." Lichtbalu tax break raise oil production time. "Lowering produce industry's tax burden probably slow stimulant (to output) price increase raise energy costs." Lichtblau said. But independent oil company drilling U.S. look immediate relief brought oil import fee. Ronald Tappmeyer president International Association Drilling Contractors "The trade asssociation convince variable oil import fee set minimum price trigger protect nation." The association represent 1300 drilling oil service companies. The CERA survey Congress show oil import fee stiff uphill battle. Yergin poll conduct January former Congressman Orval Hansen show support oil import fee 22 pct Congressmen survey largely mean protect domestic petroleum industry. At 48 pct Congressmen survey oppose fee respondent say tariff hurt consumer regional interests. But 80 pct sample support fee grow production continued fall import rise. Yergin import above 50 pct U.S. requirement "is critical symbolic level. If (imports) move above level fee legislate certainly pressure form action." But Lichtblau telephone interview "a 50 pct rate import dependency likely happen 1990. In 1986 U.S. oil import rise 33 pct u.s. energy requirement shopuld 34 pct 1987 added. Reuter 