The failure International Coffee Organization (ICO) reach agreement coffee export quota trigger massive selloff London coffee future 100 stg tonne coffee trade source said. Prices easily drop low 1.00 dlr 80 cent lb 1.25 dlrs said. A special meeting import export country end deadlock late yesterday eight day talk quotas. No far meeting discus quota delegate said. Quotas major device stabilize price International Coffee Agreement suspend ago price soar follow damage drought Brazil. With propects quota sight heavy producer sell initially price commercial coffee roast company ensue trade source predicted. Lower price sure trickle supermarket shelf spring coffee dealer said. The U.S. And Brazil large coffee importer exporter respectively laid blame breakdown talks. Jon Rosenbaum U.S. Assistant trade representative delegate talk statement council adjourn "A majority producer lead Brazil prepared negotiate distribution base objective criteria. "We insure country receive export quota base ability supply market instead political influence ICO." Brazilian Coffee Institute (IBC) President Jorio Dauster counter "Negotiations fail consumer try dictate quota negotiate them." Previously quota determine historical amount export give Brazil 30 pct share global market 58 mln 60-kilo bags. A majority producer want quota continue basic scheme. But consumer maverick eight producer propose carve export market basis exportable production stock reduce Brazil's share 28.8 pct. Consumer delegate method reflect change countries' export capability coffee readily available consumer it. A last-minute attempt Colombia large exporter rescue talk compromise interim proposal bring side together. Delegates speculate Brazil's financial problem illustrate recent suspension payment bank debt increase political pressure country protect coffee export earnings. Developing coffee-producing country depend heavily coffee earnings particularly African nation Colombia likely hurt ICO's failure agree quota analyst said. The expect drop price result loss billion dlrs producer delegate forecast. The ICO executive board meet March 31 full council due meet September delegate said. REUTER 