CSR Ltd CSRA.S> intend proceed plan bid building material Monier Ltd MNRA.S> despite counter-bid Equiticorp Tasman Ltd> (ETL) CSR executive director Gene Herbert told Reuters. ETL offer 4.15 dlrs Monier's issue capital 156.28 mln share plus share alternative. This compare 3.80 dlr cash element CSR's propose bid. The propose offer ETL control New Zealand entrepreneur Allan Hawkins built 14.99 pct stake Monier 95 mln dlr share raid recent days. Herbert Britain's Redland Plc RDLD.L> hold 50 pct Monier support CSR bid told CSR seller. He Redland want maintain build operation Australia U.S. Where Monier built strong presence notably roof tile manufacture. The CSR offer contains call option agreement Redland. This enables Redland accept CSR bid six month close lift stake 50.1 pct period run Monier joint venture CSR. CSR Redland option. ETL decline intervene Monier beyond describe term investment. ETL bring synergy Monier unlike CSR leader building material Herbert said. "We fit Monier" said. CSR concentrate development core business sugar building material move energy ago. Asked ETL's bid sought achieve Herbert said: "I'm puzzle Hawkins' strategy is. One wonder Monier main target." Herbert CSR plan raise bid high price difficult justify fundamentals. Monier trading 2.80 dlrs CSR launch original bid 3.50 16.8 time earnings late April. The share close 3.90 dlrs 25 cent yesterday ETL withdrew reach top foreign shareholding level permit Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) approval. Its bid subject FIRB approval. Herbert institution likely accept share alternative cash judge respective value ETL CSR shares. ETL third involve acquisition Monier year. Redland held discussion takeover CSR bid emerge negotiation founder price. Share analyst reason ETL's intervention flush full Redland bid Monier's ultimate fate rest hands. "Redland drive seat" Tim Cohen Ord Minnett Ltd> add Redland happier have CSR partner run Monier ETL. Monier's independent director recommend ETL's bid. REUTER 