The National Broadcasting Co deliver "final offer" contract representative 2800 writer editor technician wait response. A committee National Association Broadcast Employees Technicians discuss offer hour decision. If union walk mean simultaneous strike major U.S. television networks. A union struck CBS Inc CBS> Capital Cities/ABC Inc CCB> month ago. NBC own General Electric Co GE>. "We're instruct continue work contract" John Krieger union official. The contract expire midnight March 31. Krieger committee empower call strike see fit add "we're gun shy we're strike-happy don't lightly." He union need draft formal response NBC proposal network bill "best final offer." A spokeswoman NBC management personnel prepared assume technical duty radio television facility struck. "If strike expect interruption service" NBC spokeswoman said. At CBS ABC Writers Guild America strike March viewer notice little difference programs. However technician involve walkout CBS ABC. Krieger "major stumble block" talk NBC network's insistence have hire engineer writer daily basis. "In broad decimate union" temporary worker jeopardizing job staff employees. NBC proposal "contains assurance intention replace regular employee daily hires." NBC regular employee layoff offer employment first. NBC daily hire represent union phase pct regular staff contract six percent afterward. Top scale wage increase 855 dlrs week two-year contract 895 dlrs NBC proposal. Krieger network's wage proposal "disappointing" main issue. NBC proposal great flexibility sport news coverage. It proposal permit limited access news material affiliate subscription service allow Cable News Network join network pool facilities. Cable News Network own Turner Broadcasting System TBS>. Material subscription servoces limited average minute half-hour NBC said. The network change seek "would reduce costly duplication vital NBC's term health." The major U.S. network experienced cost cut campaign follow series ownership change affected parent company past years. Laurence Tisch become large shareholder CBS NBC's former parent RCA acquire General Electric ABC merge Capital Cities Broadcasting. The broadcast operation hit layoff belt-tightening measures. Network executive cite cable television service video cassette player compete viewers. Reuter 