This week's Bank England resistance strong market pressure low rate succeed hold bank base rate 11 pct. But cost threaten Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson's policy state Paris Group Six meeting month want sterling broadly stable prevail level market source said. Since pound risen 71.8 pct closing trade-weighted index 69.7 pct imediately Paris meeting 0.4 day. Today's peak 72.0 pct high August 19. A Treasury spokesman Lawson neither want substantial rise fall sterling. The question therefore rise ready acting. Paul Temperton chief economist Merrill Lynch Europe Ltd estimate government want trade-weighted index 72-73 pct. "Even action week sterling's strike distance range" said. Other analyst agree government probably broad target range area. However Lawson prepared pound high short term despite risk loss export competitiveness cheaper price imports. "If Bank England keep rate what's stop (going higher)" John Cox executive director EBC Amro Bank Ltd major operator London foreign exchange market. Cox estimate Bank England active sell sterling past day despite lack market talk intervention help keep below 1.60 dlrs. The pound rise 1.5870 dlrs 1.5764 yesterday 1.5400 February 23 Paris meeting. But Cox say government worried sterling head 2.95 mark concerned hold levels. He warn Bank run risk miss rate boat. "If rate don't market ought sell sterling" said. Most dealer agree deal "hot money" invest sterling money simply attract overnight one-week rate flow equally short notice. However authority hope proportion buying reflect long-term investment. "The reduce (rates) jack again" Richard Jeffrey economist brokerage Hoare Govett Ltd. He half cut ensure continued support sterling near term. However analyst look full March 17 Budget Day. The Bank hold see reaction Budget Temperton. The Budget widely forecast vote winner run-up election major factor behind current bullishness government bond currency markets. "Lawson want delay cut base rate budget. He want crown glory rate cut" Ian Harwood economist Warburg Securities equity arm Mercury International Group. Speculation clearing bank break rank lead low confound today. There excitement fall weekly Treasury Bill rate 9.7 pct 10.2 pct Friday mean Bank change mind. This follow imposition penal lending rate 11 3/4 pct discount house yesterday low base rate 10 pct October. However Bill rate pertain three-months money banking source market cut guide Bank's intention short term rates. REUTER 