Paul Volcker's departure Federal Reserve Board chairman despite plea Reagan administration stay helm U.S. central bank U.S. official said. "The President clear pleased chairman's decision otherwise" Treasury Secretary James Baker said. A Reagan administration official identify Baker urge Volcker repeatedly past month consider stay chairman. But indication administration told Volcker stay current global economic uncertainty require it. Associates Volcker assume Volcker stayed circumstances. "He doesn't care lot emotionally third term" Nikko Securities vice-chairman Stephen Alixrod top Fed staffer told Reuters recently. Officials confident newly-nominated chairman Alan Greenspan re-establish close work relation Baker credential eventually calm markets. One Reagan administration economic policymaker name point Baker Greenspan work together closely Ford administration. At Baker act Secretary Commerce Greenspan head President's Council Economic Advisers. Reagan administration official clear meanwhile announcement precipitate Volcker's unshakeable decision quit clear uncertainty ahead Summit lead industrial democracy Venice. President Reagan embarrass position decision then. Volcker enjoys respect top economic official abroad admire West German Bundesbank Tokyo despite criticism Japanese policies. Financial market possibly reflect disappointment foreign capital drove dollar sharply low news departure prompt central bank intervention stem fall dealer said. Finance Ministries central bank summit nation -- Japan West Germany Britain France Italy Canada -- inform shortly news announce Baker told reporter today. Monetary source reason Volcker decide resign personal financial situation marriage -- wife life New York term mid-1983. Volcker foregone potentially million-dollar salary overwhelmingly devote service pay rate low relative financial commitments. Both reason prompt consider step term completed. But Volcker hint personal reason decision. "It personal decision take account lot include purely personal consideration others" told reporters. Fed source note Volcker's considerable unease lack progress administration reach budget deficit reduction agreement. In addition Volcker face Board comfortable monetary source say. The five Reagan appointees. What unsettle market Fed governor six seven years' collective experience financial uncertainty. Analysts Greenspan consider tough inflation-fighter Volcker Republican credential political Fed chairman Volcker. An administration official Volcker consult Greenspan "and approve replacement." But analyst compare Greenspan's relationship administration whom unofficial economic adviser relationship former chairman Arthur Burns Nixon administration. Burns somewhat sympathetic administration viewpoint Volcker Burns willing radical policy changes. Making clear decision strong Volcker told reporter "I told (Reagan) considerable definitiveness yesterday." Administration official Volcker arrive White House yesterday afternoon resignation. When renominated mid-1983 Volcker probably step years. Monetary source departure Donald Regan Treasury Secretary factor convince stay on. Regan Volcker clashed start administration. Another source prospect able Baker Treasury Secretary tackle international debt crisis deal high-flying dollar. Reuter 