Wall Street's big one-day drop 1914 revive bitter debate whether modern investment technique turn shift investor psychology colossal move share prices. "The market gotten players" Dudley Eppel vice president-equity trading Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette Securities Corp. He say stock index future option distort investment process. But Wall Street professional index future option insist blame misplaced. Fischer Black trading arbitrage division Goldman Sachs Co say so-called trading strategy involve opposite position future stock index underlie stock deserve blame today's decline. "People change mind future economy" said. Another strategy know portfolio insurance exagerated decline degree Black. Eli Wachtel Bear Stearns Co emphatic. "I believe drop precipitate portfolio insurance expand trading." "The stop value investor come say 'IBM sell computers' buy traditional reasons" Jeffrey Miller Miller Tabak Hirsch Co. IBM IBM> fell 31 104 Dow Jones Industrial Average drop 500 points. Several ago Miller's firm pursue trading strategy seek lock automatic profit take advantage discrepancy price future underlie stocks. But firm involve late year. Miller investor burn recent market decline miscalculate effect portfolio insurance. He estimate 70 80 billion dlrs invest fund prior decline hedge futures. The portfolio insurance Miller investor protect portfolio commit themselves future course action buying option. While negative news trade deficit budget deficit build month option tend crowd narrow span execute market start fall. Miller guess portfolio insurance use. He suggest disclosure investor guard seed plant add future decline. But Miller argue index future option initiate market trends. People Eppel Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette steadfast criticism. "If I wouldn't index futures" said. "They propel market we're pay price." Another irate trader refer IBM's 31 drop complain "what announcement IBM weekend stock drop 31 points?" IBM 175-7/8 earlier year. Some economist agree stock market send signal economy. Allen Sinai chief economist Shearson Lehman Brothers told Reuters 508 decline represent "a crisis confidence. "This bona-fide financial crisis. The market show panic. I suspect wholesale desert market lot foreign investors." Sinai crisis cause continue U.S. budget trade deficit rise rates. "This signal start recession strong indicator come Washington deal budget trade deficits" Sinai said. Some market participant redemption investor mutual fund fuel decline. But Steve Norwitz spokesman T. Rowe Price Associates Baltimore-based investment management firm redemption switch money market fund Price's mln account amount pct assets. "It's rout means." Norwitz company normally receives 3500 telephone inquiry customer day. On Friday Dow index fell 108 point volme call rise 7000 exceed precise number. Ike Kerridge economist oilfield service firm Baker Hughes Inc. analyst evaporation billion dollar paper profit alter consumer behavior. "This trigger recession unusual election year" Kerridge said. Reuter 