Argentina's controversial financing package complete quickly thanks wide range innovative option deal Jorge Gonzalez undersecretary external debt economics ministry. The deal offer bank lucrative fee sign "exit bond" provision allow bank sell five mln dlrs exist loans. Gonzalez disclose bank choice lending mln dlrs form bearer bond. "We expect complete package quickly" telephone interview. By provide share 1.55 billion dlrs money raise Argentina via easily tradable bearer bond instead participation syndicate loan small bank avoid time-consuming legal paperwork. The bond currently dubbed "alternative participation instruments" carry term syndicate loan - 12-year term five years' grace rate margin 7/8 pct Eurodollar rate Gonzalez said. The idea "exit bond" creditor bank exchange five mln dlrs exist debt tradeable bond bear below-market rates. In return accept low yield amount debt convert subtract bank's exposure purpose calculate contribution future loans. Gonzalez difficult bank "exit bonds" instrument offer before. On paper Argentina's lending syndicate shrink dramatically 100 country's 350 creditor exposure five mln dlrs. Details "exit bonds" finalize Gonzalez added. Argentina press hard streamline lending process bitter memory package agree Citibank-led steer committee December 1984 sign August 1985. Gonzalez praise committee cooperation late negotiation result deal announce bank Wednesday Argentina road meeting economic goals. "We believe package Argentine continue track elect follow - stable growth equilibrium external accounts" said. Asked role Reagan Administration played final stage talk Gonzalez lent "practical support." He elaborate banker U.S. press agreement Economics Minister Juan Sourrouille threaten week's spring meeting Washington International Monetary Fund break talk unless bank stop block deal. The specter Argentina emulate Brazil suspend payment haunt policymakers banker alike fear emergence debtors' cartel. "That feel committee" banker said. As result banker agree Argentina rate margin Mexico 13/16 pct reschedule 30 billion dlrs debt raise ire Philippines Venezuela paid 7/8 pct recent reschedule packages. Asked angry reaction Manila government promptly Wednesday demand spread 13/16 pct Gonzalez matter Philippines banks. Reuter 