Prospects Tokyo stock mixed week investor try figure future yen/dollar exchange rate digest implication OPEC's late accord crude output pricing broker said. They market extend dull trend 225-share index fell rapidly record close 25929.42 June 17. It end 24902.72 Saturday fell far morning close 24707.68 uncertain reaction weaker yen weekend OPEC accord. Brokers attention focus cheaper well-known stock exchange's section generally show resilience. The section index contrast close record 2404.64 June 26 surpass peak June 17 2401.71. "Probably share company involve domestic economy bet" broker Daiwa Securities Co Ltd. He observation base figure show activity Japan booming. The government Friday department store supermarket sale rise 7.5 pct May earlier order receive Japan's 50 major construction firm month 7.6 pct year. Brokers expect figure stock link domestic demand remain overpriced. "They hard company attractive niche domestic economy unaffected currency movement bet" broker foreign security decline identified. But sharp rise money supply voracious domestic consumption stir inflation fears. The consumer price index rise 0.2 pct May April third consecutive month month increase. Although investor unduly worried inflation erodes real value stock holding rise price arouse concern rate climb. The recent market advance assume far cut Japan's 2.5 pct discount rate. Such assumption die discourage investor broker said. If oil price rise stock market Japan suffer downturn high production cost stir inflation. But share price Japan's oil import company firm broker said. "I able justify mean cost import rises" broker Yamaichi Securities Co. "It happens." Export-oriented company continue recent rally dollar climb yen. But price blue chip exporter risen fast week make look attractive broker said. However dollar fall 140 138 yen market index rally broker said. A low dollar damp rise capital outflow dollar investment Japan's stock bond market broker said. And yen/dollar rate suppose reflect balance trade United States Japan low dollar bring pressure Japan expand demand American import stimulate local economy broker said. "If dollar fall buy domestic rise maybe buy exporters" foreign broker. REUTER 