The Bundesbank intervene dollar fix low 1.8218 mark 1.8243 yesterday dealer said. Dealers dollar trading quiet European morning operator wary today's meeting Group Five finance minister central bank chief ahead full IMF/World Bank session Washington. It undermined remark U.S. Council Economic Advisers Chairman Beryl Sprinkel told Iowa banker U.S. Had objective regard value dollar. Sprinkel call reference stabilize exchange rate current level Paris meeting February 22 "vague statement" cast doubt operators' assumption secret target level set. Sprinkel add West Germany Japan progress stimulate economy Paris agreement envisage "there necessity significant decline dollar." One dealer U.S.-based bank note dollar tend easy remarks. "They obviously regard negative. And market start regard anything come negatively mean underlie sentiment negative" said. Some sell pressure soften dollar's undertone. Most operator overlook intervention Bank Japan support dollar sell favour yen institutional investor overseas operator dealer said. After strong focus dollar/yen rate recent week Japanese financial March 31 activity likely switch dealer said. "We start look shift dollar/yen dollar/mark European currencies" U.S. Bank dealer said. Despite softer undertone trader remain wary take significant position Washington meeting dealer said. Aside G-5 session Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl due meet German Affairs international monetary issue later. The mark gain strength news Bundesbank security repurchase tender add money market liquidity fix 3.80 pct unchanged weeks. Some expectation grow cut rate move minimum rate tender signal desire slight ease credit policy. Bundesbank central bank council member Lothar Mueller Bundesbank focus money supply. A monetary policy account exchange rate capital flow confuse exchange-rate orient policy contradict grow sentiment. Sterling ease touch 2.950 mark fix 2.957. The yen's unabated strength despite intervention brought 1.2555 mark 100 yesterday's 1.2480. The Swiss franc rise fix 120.515 mark 100 120.180. The French franc ease 30.055 mark 100 30.060 Belgian franc little change 4.829 mark 100. REUTER 