Euro-medium term note recent phenomenon international capital market hardly attract flood issuer investment banker do breath market. Medium term note (MTNs) met stagger success U.S. Market total outstandings grown 50 billion dlrs 1983 hold financing vehicle bridge gap commercial paper longer term bonds. Convinced stay investment banker attempt adapt MTNs euromarket. Ralph Bunche vice president Morgan Stanley International predict recent Euromoney conference MTNs predominant instrument raise fund late 1980's 1990's. "It (the MTN market) surpass bond market" said. Other banker exception degree MTNs grow. But generally agree instrument provide borrower great flexibility low cost traditional bond. The trick convincing European borrower worth arrange have accomplish persaude European investor -- whose preference differ U.S. Counterparts -- buy securities. Discussions banker prove thing. No exactly sure proceed structure marketing issues. To date 13 Euro-MTN program announce activate unit PepsiCo Inc AB Electrolux. Several firm devise structure Euro-MTNs defend structure adamantly. The PepsiCo note example sell continuously offer basis. This involves amount note similar maturity constantly offer current market rates. The Electrolux us multi-tranche tap note devise Merrill Lynch. Under structure initial tranche minimum 50 mln dlrs fix rate maturity. The borrower issue additional note category pre-determined maximum. Those defend continuously offer method Wendy Dietze Salomon Brothers Inc vice president flexibility offer rate maturity. Furthermore believe structure offer European investor great confidence market liquidity -- major concern buyers. Merrill Lynch Europe Ltd's Kevin Regan defends medium-tranche tap note concept say offer comparable liquidity. But structure option borrowers. Peter Mortimer partner law firm Milbank Tweed Hadley McCloy note legal requirement determine structure chosen. He note tap allows clearly define "lock-up" period tranche specific maturity. In note issue U.S. Borrowers "lock-up" period 90 day completion series security cannot sell U.S. Or U.S. Investors. However Securities Exchange Commission review current regulation ownership foreign security U.S. Citizens soften rule distant future. For borrower feel bit guinea pigs. Petter Skouen executive vice president Nordic Investment Bank (NIB) note week ago NIB disappointed Euro-MTN success recent issue change minds. He concede retrospect wiser establish separate program euromarket U.S. Domestic market try extend U.S. Issue globally. Under NIB's 200 mln dlr 100 mln sell U.S. And 25 mln Europe. REUTER 