Ecuador stricken severe earthquake seek negotiation private foreign bank postpone payment due rest Finance Minister Domingo Cordovez said. He statement "The idea foreign bank obtain term Ecuadorean economy complete relief period deferral payment foreign debt year." The statement refer payment due private foreign bank senior government finance official told Reuters. These creditor hold two-thirds Ecuador's foreign debt total 8.16 billion dlrs. It refer debt mature foreign government multilateral lending agency accounting remainder Ecuador's foreign debt official said. He Ecuador owe private foreign bank 450 500 mln dlrs payment rest 1987 66 mln principal payment mature year. Cordovez Ecuador seek loan multilateral organisations. A World Bank mission due soon evaluate emergency loan government official said. Ecuador appeal emergency aid 40 foreign governments. Government official calculate loss 1987 budget Thursday's earthquake 926 mln dlrs. In 1986 Ecuador's total service foreign debt 996 mln dlrs creditors. The quake rupture Ecuador's main oil pipeline suspend crude export five month line repaired. Oil account two-thirds total export 60 pct total revenues. Before tremor Ecuador suspend payment January 31 private foreign banks. Officials stop payment due cash-flow squeeze stem slide oil price cut 1986 export 25 pct 2.18 billion dlrs. Ecuadorean finance official telephone contact week bank sit 14-bank advisory committee senior government finance official said. The committee represent country's 400 private foreign bank creditors. Cordovez statement "The bank perceive impossible moment comply forseen." Cordovez add Ecuador proposal line reality earthquake seek option deferment soften negotiation conditions." Interest payment fall due monthly private foreign banks. Ecuador's initial proposal earlier semi-annual annual payment year. Under proposal sought defer payment June early foreign banker government official said. Ecuadorean official held formal meeting advisory committee New York January negotiation suspend January 16 due 12-hour kidnapping President Leon Febres Cordero air force paratroopers. The Red Cross say 300 die 4000 miss due earthquake. REUTER 