The world's dependency Mideast source petroleum grow stop Donald K. McIvor Exxon Corp XON> Director senior vice president told Reuters interview. "Non-OPEC production begin decline gap demand supply widen trend increase dependence OPEC Middle East inevitable" McIvor said. Decreased supply firm price crude oil likely change grow dependence McIvor said. McIvor Exxon's senior vice president responsible oil gas exploration production dependence result Mideast's spare capacity rest consumes oil finding. "Since 1970 we've consume oil rate 20-25 billion barrel make discovery 10-15 bilion barrel year" McIvor said. "The bulk inventory half remain prove reserve lie middle east produce current capacity" added. McIvor 30000 oil field discover 37 "one-one thousandth total contain 35 pct oil discovered." McIvor response question believe "super giants" oil field reserve great five billion barrel found change conclusion world's grow dependency. "Of 37 super giant 11 lie outside Middle East. Only five 37 discover past 20 lie outside middle east (Cantarell Mexico Alaska's North Slope)." McIvor said. McIvor field outside U.S. Alaska's Prudhoe Bay North Sea reach peak soon begin decline. But Exxon executive plenty opportunity explore developed outside Middle east particulartly Canada North Sea Australia Africa. McIvor decision explore drill area depedent expectation high price oil legal regime affect companies. "The ideal regime stable constant change policies" McIvor said. McIvor oppose import subsidy tariff increase exploration benefit economy expense part economy. Asked option offer week U.S. Energy Secretary Herrington increase U.S. production McIvor comment subject oil depletion allowance "the thrust (Herrington) report valid. It highlight grow dependency Middle east increase U.S. production." McIvor expect natural gas play great role future meeting energy needs. "Natural gas opportunity increasingly worlkd's energy supply" McIvor said. "Crude oil transportation fuel natural gas generate heat industrial fuel" added. Reuter 