U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker lead Latin American nation delayed accept U.S. compromise proposal major reform Inter-American Development Bank. In interview reporter Baker discussion far-reaching reform bank resume fringe semiannual meeting International Monetary Fund week time. But Baker compromise proposal disclose longer table. "I clear proposal I expect leave resolve meeting" Baker said. The U.S. press virtual veto IADB loan term Washington considers lax. In bid integrate Bank U.S. debt strategy Washington suggest ready subscribe nine billion dlrs four-year capital replenishment Bank. In return Latin nation 54 pct simple majority voting IADB lending. Baker "In view reject consider choose advance April meeting." A U.S. contribution size lead effective four-year lending Bank 22.9 billion dlrs. The actual capital increase amount 27 billion dlrs usable resource callable capital Latin debtor theoretical practice U.S. official explained. In return Latin nation 54 pct simple majority voting IADB lending. Initially U.S. want 65 pct vote proceed loan position U.S. virtual veto hold 35 pct votes. But clear Baker's remark ready concede increase voting 62.5 pct 60 pct majority approve loan amount compromise original U.S. Latin American positions. Baker "In view reject consider choose advance April meeting." Baker clear Mexico Brazil Venezuela Argentina represent Latins decline accept plan U.S. revert original position add "It's proposal revived." U.S. official name believe decision forthcoming top Latin finance official absent IADB annual meeting here. And official add key Latin official semi-annual meeting IMF World Bank. The Treasury Secretary warn issue left unresolved "we can't look towards great (capital) replenishment here." That mean U.S. multilateral development bank World Bank principal vehicle lending tie fundamental economic reform debtor nations. The IADB tend loan project sectoral loan aim reform Latin economy hence fully participate Baker's third debt plan. Reuter 