Congressional budget leader ask President Reagan join bipartisan effort - summit - write budget White House chief staff Howard Baker decision yet Senate source said. The request White House cooperation yesterday Senate Budget Committee chairman Lawton Chiles meeting Baker source said. The appeal Senate Budget Committee plan start draft Tuesday fiscal 1988 budget plan Democrats control Congress hope chamber April 15. House Democrats meeting privately continue discussion Tuesday develop plan full committee hold draft meeting Thursday. Reagan's budget submit January Congress generally reject unrealistic Congressional Budget Office say deficit understated realistic 134 billion dlrs. Among major controversial decision Congress level deficit deduction meet Gramm-Rudman budget law target cut estimate 171 billion dlr deficit 1988 108 billion dlrs. A key decision amount revenue - Reagan propose 22 billion dlrs asset sale excise tax - deficit cut plan. Reagan opposes tax refuse advocate high tax revenue scheme. The Gramm-Rudman law set fix deficit target Congress aim wipe huge deficit 1991 past deficit exceed targets. The Senate source Chiles cooperation avoid clash Senate House Budget committee start write separate budget plan congressional approval start week. The source Chiles told Baker "If start work sooner chance everyone get lock in." Baker conversation budget Senator Pete Domenici New Mexico senior Republican Senate Budget Committee House Speaker Jim Wright. Baker reportedly plan far talk Republicans House Budget Committee Chairman William Gray "before White House decides anything" source said. House source Gray --who push idea budget summit Reagan--is anxious White House compromise budget plan. Besides reach decision actual spending revenue level budget congressman consider adjust redefine target Gramm-Rudman law realistic. Reagan present 36 billion dlrs spending delay cut revenue reach 108 billion dlrs. Gray Congress approves 36 billion dlrs reduction deficit 134 billion dlrs realistically say accurate economic assumptions. Reuter 