American Express Co remain silent market rumor spinoff Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc analyst company consider move unhappy market value stock. American Express stock lift rumor market calculate partially Shearson command market value thereby boost total value American Express. The rumor accompany talk financial service firm split stock boost dividend. American Express close New York Stock Exchange 72-5/8 4-1/8 heavy volume. American Express comment rumor stock activity. Analysts comment company analysts' meeting Tuesday help fuel rumor announcement yesterday management changes. At meeting company official American Express stock undervalue fully reflect performance Shearson accord analysts. Yesterday Shearson elevate chief operating officer Jeffery Lane add position president vacant. It create position chairman operating divisions. Analysts speculate partial spinoff contrary variation market rumor total spinoff. Some analyst disagreed spinoff Shearson strong profit center American Express contribute 20 pct earnings year. "I highly unlikely American Express sell shearson" Perrin Long Lipper Analytical. He question investment "a profitable security firm." Several analyst American Express cash reason sell strong asset. But believe company consider option spin Shearson rumor suggests sell 20 pct market. Larry Eckenfelder Prudential-Bache Securities believe American Express consider partial spinoff past. "Shearson profitable fetch premium market place. Shearson's book value 1.4 mln dlr range. Shearson market probably worth 3.5 bilion dlrs term market capitalization" Eckenfelder. Some analyst American Express capital plan expand globally. "They enormous internal growth plan take capital. You stock reflect realistic valuation enhance ability kind endeavor road" E.F. Hutton Group analyst Michael Lewis. "They've outline they're invest heavily future go heavily international arena" Lewis. "...That preclude acquisition divestiture way" said. Lewis American Express reduce exposure brokerage sell shearson stock reflect asset travel related service business. "It true mark lesser exposure brokerage. The value component command high multiple constitute high percentage total operating earnings company" said. Lewis Shearson contribute 316 mln after-tax operating earnings 200 mln dlrs 1985. Reuter 