Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc relatively stable oil price bank's plan merger Chemical New York Corp CHL> 1987 earnings increase year's profit 20 mln dlrs. Texas Commerce chairman Ben Love interview Reuters elaborate bank expect earnings increase. "We anticipate improvement stronger" Love refer Texas Commerce's pending 1.19 billion dlr merger Chemical. The merger finalize May 1 low Texas Commerce's cost funding estimate 10 15 basis point Love said. The Texas Commerce-Chemical merger acquisition major out-of-state bank Texas lawmaker approve interstate banking effective January 1. Hard-hit loan loss energy real estate Texas' struggle economy major Texas bank able report profit 1986 Texas Commerce RepublicBank earn 54.0 mln dlrs. Allied Bancshares Inc ALBN> lose 17.6 mln dlrs MCorp M> lose 82.1 mln dlrs InterFirst lose 326.5 mln dlrs First City Bancorporation FBT> actively seek merger form capital lose 402.0 mln dlrs. Love Texas Commerce corner energy loan portfolio problem add bank's nonperforming real estate loan increase 1987. "I tidal wave energy pass us" said. "The real estate market move suggests continue growth nonperforming loans." In 1986 42 pct Texas Commerce's net loan loss related real estate lending 13 pct due energy loan losses. That compare 1985 17 pct bank's loss real estate energy account 43 pct. More half Texas Commerce's nonperforming loan total 968 mln dlrs yearend 1986 840 mln dlrs real estate. Love believe real estate loan problem Texas Commerce major bank peak third fourth quarter 1987. Absorption empty office building Houston current vacancy rate 30 pct gradual process said. "I begin stabilize economy. Oil 18 dlrs barrel brings confidence 10 dlrs barrel" said. Texas Commerce retain name separate subsidiary Chemical plan aggressively expand holding throughout Texas offering additional product build consumer banking Love said. "We resume -- offensive position" said. In January Texas Commerce acquire fail bank Montgomery County adjacent Houston metropolitan earlier month open bank San Antonio. Texas Commerce plan add bank San Antonio Dallas-Fort Worth currently 16 member bank said. One Texas Commerce acquisition announce December InterFirst Corp IFC> RepublicBank Corp RPT> headquarter Dallas agree merge deal value 570 mln dlrs. The combination former archrivals RepublicBank InterFirst give bank virtual lock Dallas banking market change Texas Commerce's expansion plan state's second-largest city Love said. "We try little roost" said. The Chemical partnership Texas Commerce edge develop consumer product said. "We wholesale bank million customer state. Chemical show advantage enhance consumer products" refer expansion exist product credit card investment banking. Reuter 