US Sprint 50-50 telephone venture GTE Corp GTE> United Telecommunications Inc UT> June optimistic despite expect report net loss 500 mln dlrs year. David M. Holland president US Sprint's Dallas-based Southwest Division told Reuters interview report quarter agree company result lose "about 500 mln dlrs." He note company slat spend 2.3 billion dlrs "two plus years" network. Holland add Sprint pay 500 mln dlrs American Telephone Telegraph Co (T) lease lines. He 16000 mile 23000 mile fiber optic telephone line "in ground" 7000 mile operable. By 90 pct company's subscriber carry fiber optic line (instead lease ATT lines) compare 60 pct quarter. Fiber optic line send digital impulse microscopic glass line quicker accurate economical traditional copper cables. A fiber optic line diameter dime carry amount information copper cable 20 foot diameter. "By capacity carry 50 pct U.S. distance phone calls" Holland said. He ATT currently control 80 pct U.S. distance market MCI Communications Corp MCIC> 10 12 pct Sprint five seven pct. Holland Sprint's rate 50 pct low ATT pay gain access local telephone exchange 10 12 pct low company equal access. He company cut advertising 30 pct year. At Sprint increase total customer mln mln July 1986 January. "We've capture fiber ground show importance it" said. Concerning deregulation ATT Holland believe ATT "should flexibility regulate pricing plans." "They're dominant market place" add ATT deregulate "there true competition marketplace." "It take prove ourselves lot money" add "maybe it's hard say." Holland concerned talk Sprint's owner squabble corporate raider Belzberg Canada put pressure sell loss-making Sprint holdings. "They excellent partner state support US Sprint" add "amazed" industry talk company arguing. "There's evidence that" said. He Sprint's progress area revenue customer construction track "ahead areas." Looking beyond United States Holland Sprint currently direct access 34 country aim 90 pct Free World nation 1988. "We country ATT serves" said. He Sprint currently access Mexico work it. He note negotiation Mexico GTE Sprint forerunner US Sprint broken September 1985 earthquake devastate nation's telephone network. Reuter 