London's rise trading centre U.S. Government debt spur increase rate swap arrange issue eurobond market trader analyst said. Indeed eurobond trader estimate 80 pct debt issue -- 186 billion dlrs worth -- either rate currency swap. "The U.S. Treasuries market swap-driven" David Jones vice president Goldman Sachs Co international U.S. Government bond trading desk. "It commonplace trade 100 mln dlrs 10-years seven five related rate swap hedge eurobond deal" Jones recent conference U.S. Treasuries market. Just ago trade size broker screen London unthinkable. Traders past week trading U.S. Treasuries frozen indecision direction rate swap-related deal provide sole source business. Dealers week 260 mln dlr trade involve 10-year Treasuries transact brokers' screens. The trade swap related. There firm figure exactly U.S. Treasury debt trade estimate vary widely. But Wrightson Economics U.S.-based research firm drew data U.S. Treasury report estimate gross transaction U.S. Government security London rise 341 billion dlrs nine month 1986 alone 188 billion 1985. Wrightson estimate 20 pct U.S. Treasury trading transact outside U.S. With Tokyo form third major centre. And figure yet available quarter anecdotal evidence suggests trend continued trader say. Richard Lacy chief executive Exco International average daily Treasuries trading volume London 15 billion dlrs. Exco recently purchase 80 pct RMJ Securities inc major broker U.S. Government bond office London New York Tokyo. But Dick Van Splinter president RMJ's competitor Fundamental Brokers Inc's London operation estimate average daily turnover five billion dlrs. But low range estimate Treasuries trading volume equal U.K.'s government bond know gilts. Jeremy Ford vice president Bankers Trust International Ltd explain U.S. Treasuries intermediary swap transaction lock "spread" difference rate borrower pay rate counterparty oblige pay. But beyond swap-related activity dealer nature trading London changed. "The interest figure show transition London marketing effort trading effort" Louis Crandall economist Wrightson collect data. Crandall previously firms' activity limited try sell U.S. Securities European investors. Now appear increasingly willing act principal transaction act behalf New York offices. Increasingly trader firm maintain separate profit loss sheet London operation trading decision independently U.S. Headquarters. Many major U.S. Firms include Merrill Lynch Co Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc Chemical Bank trade account here. Also trader U.S. Firms operating London increase sharply past European Asian bank trade U.S. Government securities. Within past month National Westminster Bank Plc's County Bank subsidiary Swiss Bank Corp apply Federal Reserve Bank New York primary dealer U.S. Government security London office recently receive direct-dealing broker screens. And Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette already primary dealer prepare U.S. Treasuries trading desk London. Dick Van Splinter president Fundamental Brokers Inc large major government bond broker 45 firm use direct-dealing screen 35 ago. REUTER 