Quarter-point prime rate increase 7-3/4 pct Citibank Chase Manhattan Bank follow bank clearer sign Federal Reserve's policy intention economist said. "Based spread banks' cost fund prime rate probably make follow rush likely" Paul McCulley E.F. Hutton Co. Citibank's surprise base rate increase quickly follow Chase sent U.S. bond price low dollar higher. McCulley spread three-month certificate deposit prime rate narrow 1-1/2 percentage point strong chance prime rate increase. It 1-1/4 point recently. However bank likely hold rate increase Fed intend rate near term analyst said. They note bank historically follow Fed rate movement lead them. For example prime rate increase occur June 1984 bank lift rate 13 pct 12-1/2 pct Fed discount rate increase April year. Major bank post 7-1/2 pct prime rate August 26/27 lower rate eight pct shortly Fed's half-point discount rate cut current 5-1/2 pct level August 20. "The bank rush raise prime rates. There split prime post 7-1/2 pct rate 7-3/4 pct" David Jones Aubrey G. Lanston Co. Jones Federal Open Market Committee today's meeting vote change Fed policy. But Fed foster high rate soon. Jones FOMC probably vote policy change decide apply slight upward rate pressure dollar weakens inflation pressure heat economy show sign strong recovery. "The Fed clearly indicate intend tighten policy today's coupon pass" Joseph Liro S.G. Warburg Co. In move earlier expect Fed supply permanent reserve banking offering buy maturity Treasury note bond account. This seasonal reserve add call "pass." "The Fed demonstrate policy change" Elizabeth Reiners economist Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. She spread banks' cost fund prime rate 137 basis point compare 153 basis average 1986. Reiners spread really narrow clear prime rate increase. The Dean Witter economist today's prime rate rise "may response rate attempt enhance (balance sheet) bottom line." Reiners recent problem loan develop country money center bank heavy exposure match high prime rate effort profitable spread loans. The Federal fund rate bank lend overnight money determine bank match high prime rate quickly move. In raise prime rate bank cite high cost funds. In day Monday Federal fund rate bank lend average nearly 6-1/4 pct. But quarter pressure help push funds. The Fed fund rate extremely volatile reflect demand pressure associate quarter close Japanese fiscal year. Funds trade five 6-3/4 pct. Once special distortion analyst fund rate probably return recent trading level 6-1/8 pct area. They stabilizes near bank quickly boost prime rates. But consistently high fund rate suggest Fed foster somewhat high rate dollar. Then bank lift prime rate quickly. Reuter 