House trade lawmaker vote measure design toughen U.S. trade law held tomorrow difficult vote controversial plan protect American industries. Meeting close session House Ways Means Trade Subcommittee fail resolve sensitive issue bill--whether force major foreign trading partner severely cut trade surplus United States. The subcommittee consider toned-down version Democratic-sponsored trade legislation aim foreign market drop year's effort force President Reagan retaliate quota tariffs. Congressional aide identify lawmaker intend wrap proposal tomorrow consider proposal mandate retaliation set specific trade penalties. The legislation face hurdle full Ways Means Committee week full House vote it. Rep. Richard Gephardt Missouri Democrat seek party's 1988 presidential nomination offer amendment call reduction trade surplus country barrier import U.S. goods. This moderate version earlier plan force mandatory ten cent annual cut trade surplus United States Japan South Korea Taiwan West Germany country large trade imbalances. "My criterion amendment set standard get trade deficit down" told reporters. The trade law change major congressional administration effort turn record U.S. trade deficit 169 billion dlrs opening foreign market make U.S. product competitive. House Speaker James Wright Texas Democrat expect full House approve trade bill May Reagan accept final congressional bill. "I expect whatever report (by Ways Means Committee) pass. We bill effective bill" told reporters. The comprehensive trade bill include committee ease export control technology aid U.S. worker displace foreign competition stimulate research development remove foreign trade barrier improve education worker training. The lawmaker agree U.S. industry charge foreign producer unfair competition deny basic worker right collective bargaining safety rule payment minimum wage appropriate country's economic development. They transfer U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter power held Reagan decide whether retaliate foreign violation fair trade rule whether injured industry deserves import relief. They agree easy company temporary relief import competition agree industry provide plan competitive. The administration announce support Yeutter yesterday "I be cautiously optimistic" Democratic-led House acceptable bill. Reuter 