The ease rule govern overseas yen cause explosion Euroyen bond activity fail turn yen truly international currency bond manager trader said. Although yen bond rank dollar issue Eurobond market foreigner interested keep yen borrow want yen bond Japanese said. This lack real yen demand freer Euroyen market undermine 1984 U.S. And Japanese accord internationalise yen said. The borrower advantage low Japanese rate yen. They arrange primarily Japanese bank exchange yen fund currency mainly dollar bond manager said. More 85 pct Euroyen bond issue swap driven added. "The borrower don't care currency use. They attractive money" bond trader said. Issues double 150 1986 previous boost Euroyen offering nine pct total Eurobond market Koichi Kimura manage director Daiwa Securities Co Ltd recently. Traders activity stem battle Japanese foreign security company bank prestige place large share issues. Many resort "harakiri" swap unprofitable pricing. But fever continue offering double 1987 Naoki Yokoyama manager Nikko Securities Co Ltd's international capital market operation. The Euroyen bond issue mostly picked Japanese trust bank trader said. After 90 wait period bond flow Japan investor appetite strong added. Foreign investor reluctant invest yen attractive yield offer dollar currency investment trader said. "Even aggressive foreign investor stop invest (in yen)" Masaki Shimazu manager Daiwa's bond department. While foreigner interested secondary market Japanese commercial bank regional bank insurer financial institution eager buy bond await flow Japan offer little currency risk trader said. The Finance Ministry April shorten wait period issue flow Japan 90 day 180. A ministry official verify sample reflow fairly small. "We believe Euroyen bond remain mainly Euroyen market" said. One trader demand Japanese investor heavy prove short-term. He investor plan sell bond Japanese U.S. Interest rate decline further. To encourage far international yen ministry consider allow issue Euroyen commercial paper official add study demand potential borrowers. Securities company source believe ministry permit non-residents issue Euroyen commercial paper months. But expect continue ban domestic participation market come. Japanese bank object short-term paper market encroach territory. Traders Euroyen commercial paper spur demand overseas yen allow opportunity shift shorter-term security be. "Commercial paper encourage few swaps" bond manager said. If financial instrument available trade yen added. Euroyen bond carry five-year maturity recent issue callable shorter maturity trader said. The ministry expect allow four-year Euroyen bond maturity months. One yen bond manager Japanese financial authority give lot control liberalise rule govern international transaction yen. But freer yen encourage trade settlement Japanese currency said. "If exporter importer raise fund yen willing agree use Japanese yen settlement currency" added. The Finance Ministry official government constantly consider way improve market benefit borrower investors. "No major market keep status change" said. REUTER 