Directors Chicago Mercantile Exchange meet Wednesday consider membership petition ask exchange tighten rule cover trading activity widely-popular Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index future pit exchange executive said. The petition call elimination dual trading legal practice trader execute customer order trade account. But exchange official note practice provide opportunity trader engage call "front-running" trader enter order account execute order customers. Leo Melamed CME special counsel director rule petition Wednesday add special S P Advisory Committee study S P 500 future trading condition six month expect submit complete list recommendation 30 days. In addition recommendation dual trading Melamed special committee suggestion automatic entry execution S P 500 future futures-options rule change alleviate congest condition trading pit. Melamed director likely approve recommendation special committee "most action board line committee recommendations." CME senior vice president Gerald Beyer board accepts member's petition week rule change submit Commodity Futures Trading Commission approval. If board reject petition request rule change submit exchange membership vote 15 day Beyer said. Melamed add petition rule recommendation special committee "it confuse issue." Not trader agree eliminiate restrict dual trading. Although Jonathan Wolff senior vice president Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette note dual trading evident exchanges. "It's question integrity person with" Wolff said. Futures trader act broker maintain trading account necessary error inevitably fill customer order chaotic future trading pits. "To absolute ban dual trading make difficult broker function errors" John Michael vice president First Options Chicago. "What come ethic involved" said. Furthermore competitive nature future brokerage make front-running risky broker's livelihood said. "If I discover broker do (front-running) suspect do I cut off" Michael said. An average broker Treasury bond future pit instance fill order 5000 10000 contract 1.25 dlrs contract floor source said. Even figure consider typical 25 pct loss error brokerage lucrative. Front-running broker run market risk adverse price move risk lose brokerage Michael said. Reuter 