A commission unravel affair debt-ridden Air Lanka say airline amass loss 265 mln U.S. Dlrs "the devastate financial tragedy" Sri Lankan commercial history. The commission scrutinise financial dealing aircraft acquisition give-away cookbook blame airline's previous board losses. The panel appoint August President Junius Jayewardene submit report April 20. A copy obtain Reuters. The report available week. The three-man commission recommend finding pass law officer decide whether penal action necessary former board Air Lanka's management. The airline come Defence Ministry portfolio held Jayewardene himself. The commission Air Lanka's report Jayewardene "blurred" true financial health. It airline irretrievably lose share capital 3.8 billion rupees. To finance deficit treasury loan 800 mln rupee foreign currency loan obtain aircraft purchase infrastructure need said. "Air Lanka indebted overseas lender value billion rupee productive asset collateral provide repayment" commission said. It airline's loss assess 5.59 billion rupee March 31 1986. But cumulative loss reach 7.7 billion imply Air Lanka lose money rate 1.3 billion rupee 1979 start 1986. "These result rank devastate financial tragedy suffer Sri Lanka's commercial history" commission said. The report airline's dangerously critical financial condition due uncontrolled spending -- particularly airline expand fleet -- poor marketing extreme laxity cost controls. "It clear Air Lanka's misfortune largely creation reponsibility rest primarily board directors" said. Air Lanka blame problem effect tourism Sri Lanka's Tamil separatist rebellion depreciate rupee under-capitalisation. The commission dismiss invalid. The report major problem stem concentration Captain S.R. Wikramanayake held post chairman manage director. "It mainly responsible whatever status Air Lanka today" said. Wikramanayake resign board November. He contact comment. The commission recommend finding pass "to law officer ... To ascertain penal action necessary former board Air Lanka management staff." The panel recommend equity involvement foreign airline Air Lanka grant maximum concession carrier attractive foreign local investment. It suggest sell asset Boeing 747s finance U.S. Dollar loan reduce debt. It Air Lanka government renegotiate U.S. Dollar-denominated debt currency form core earnings obtain low rates. It propose negotiation return Lockheed Tristar L1011-500s lease British Airways lease expire March. REUTER 