Brazil's recent announcement suspension payment 68 billion dlrs foreign debt give banking jitter confirm view international economist commodity analyst Brazil continue flex trading muscle 1987. The develop world's indebted nation prolific exporter agricultural commodity coffee soybean maximize foreign exchange revenue sell hard market economist said. "That sound reasonable strategy. But trade situation" Aldo Roldan Vice President International Services Chase Econometrics said. Roldan told Reuters Brazil tackle problem satisfy domestic demand compete glut market position foreign exchange market profitable. "Domestic cost increase (due inflation) exporter offset movement exchange rates" Roldan said. The Chase economist commodity market depressed generally appear promising country Brazil pure commodity account 50 pct export 1986 total value 23 billion dlrs. But added: "They pretty aggressive foreign marketing channels." Analysts key factor Brazilian trade coffee background pressure foreign creditor world's large producer expect hit market vengeance. Negotiations International Coffee Organization (ICO) re-establish producer export quota broke earlier week major producer consumer accuse intransigence. "Brazil tolerate change ICO regulation want changed" senior coffee dealer said. The dealer decline name Brazil want preserve market share. At talk Brazil hint sell anyone else suffer. Brazil aggressive seller scenario yet sign unusually heavy Brazilian sale dealer said. "If market level low breach dollar ninety eighty cents" said. New York coffee future May delivery settle 2.29 cent low Thursday 104.68 cent lb distant delivery fell six-cent maximum trading limit. President Brazilian Coffee Institute Jorio Dauster told press conference Rio de Janeiro Brazil target coffee export follow breakdown ICO talk export quotas. Many economist analyst believe soybean focus stepped-up Brazilian marketing efforts. "They aggressive been" accord Richard Loewy analyst Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. Loewy believe foreign debt crop plus difficulty storage motivate sell Brazil soybean crop. "Brazilian farmer cash flow can't afford store crops" said. The Chicago soybean complex nervous South American crop develop near ideal condition towards record yields. "We rapid decline earlier usual (U.S.) exports" Loewy said. Tommy Eshleman economist American Soybean Association (ASA) year's Brazilian soybean harvest total 18 mln tonne versus 13.7 mln year. Marketings aggressive summer price usually relative rest due vulnerability U.S. crop bad grow weather. Another incentive sell trade anticipation reduction U.S. government soybean loan rate offer farmer crop collateral Eshleman said. He uncertainty soybean loan rate act effective floor price keep supply free market. Farmers forfeit bean government repay loan. "We're get period (Brazil) start harvest start export" Eshleman said. But add U.S. export fall below 10 mln bushel week 20 mln bushel currently. Jose Melicias research department Drexel Burnham Lambert Brazil try export economic situation. He debt situation major consideration. "The Brazilian government money pay storage" added. Asked return inflationary environment Brazil farmer inclined hold onto crop Melicias difference. On commodity market Brazil's sell impact mute matter generate capital. Brazil face poor 1986/87 sugar harvest limit export market analyst said. The country oversold unable honor export commitment plus high domestic demand cause consumer price subsidy ethanol refine sugar little stretch export said. Brazil's major crop cocoa third surplus. "Cocoa consumption basically flat fell I don't start throw cocoa market it" analyst said. "If aggressive seller market collapse can't afford that" added. Reuter 