The Bank England U.S. Federal Reserve Board agree proposal joint standard measure risk array credit exposure show bank balance sheet Bank England said. The plan cover swap forward contract option involve exchange rate complement proposal agree January central bank commercial bank U.S. And Britain subject similar standard measure capital adequacy proposal said. It final decision reach yet bank April 16 comment trunk proposals. The Bank England Fed face dilemma. "On (we) determine require adequate capital support potential future exposure -- (we) concerned overly stringent capital requirement unnecessarily affect ability U.S. And U.K. Banking organisation price...Contracts competitively." At basis proposal lie concept so-called credit equivalent amount - current value currency rate contract estimate potential change value due currency rate fluctuation contract matures. In treatment similar agree January balance sheet asset credit equivalent assign five risk weight zero 100 pct depend quality counterparty remain maturity contract collateral guarantee contract plan showed. The proposal show collateral guarantee recognise calculate credit equivalent amounts. They reflect assignment risk weights. The guarantee recognise U.S. And U.K. Governments U.S. By domestic government agency proposal showed. The paper propose rule cover spot foreign exchange contract security trade future option exchanges. It U.S. Regulatory authority Bank England keen encourage bank "net" contract -- consolidate multiple contract counterparty single agreement create single payment stream. It recognise "such arrangement circumstance reduce credit risk wish encourage far development implementation" current proposal change account. The paper propose rule cover spot foreign exchange contract security trade future option exchanges. It U.S. Regulatory authority Bank England keen encourage bank "net" contract -- consolidate multiple contract counterparty single agreement create single payment stream. It recognise "such arrangement circumstance reduce credit risk wish encourage far development implementation" current proposal change account. Reuter 