OPEC reaffirm commitment fix crude oil price 18 dlrs barrel overall output ceiling 15.8 mln barrel (bpd) defend price president Rilwanu Lukman said. He told news conference "After due consultation colleague OPEC I hereby wish emphasize Nigeria member country OPEC remain determine uphold December agreement adhere strictly various quota official sell prices." Lukman add extraordinary OPEC conference planned. "We position re-confirm despite mislead news foreign medium contrary ... OPEC member country produce below agree quota month February" Lukman Nigerian oil minister said. Lukman overall OPEC output shortfall February 900000 bpd result firm determination defend official sell price 18 dlrs agree December Geneva. The December agreement overall output ceiling OPEC 15.8 mln bpd half 1987 restore fix price February 1 reference 18 dlrs. Oil price rally immediately Geneva accord fell month report OPEC produce agree level. "The idea suggest OPEC's agreement hold cause customer hold purchase OPEC oil resort destocking meet needs" Lukman said. He 900000 bpd shortfall February base verify figure 10 OPEC's 13 add Nigeria alone shortfall production 100000 bpd. Iraq disassociate December agreement production figure Ecuador United Arab Emirates need verify Lukman said. "If price pay agreement succeed ready ... OPEC change price level 18 dlrs" group's president said. He OPEC price differential committee meeting formerly postpone April indefinitely. "Furthermore extraordinary meeting conference moment contemplate agreement reach December adhere to" said. Asked committee meet soon narrow gap price various OPEC crude -- fix relation 18 dlr benchmark -- Lukman reply "We consider defence price crucial differentials." Lukman OPEC aware consumer heavily drawn stock crude oil refine product level below soon return market search crude. "We don't difficulty maintain 18 dlr price throughout rest year" Lukman said. The OPEC president praise non-OPEC oil producer contribute group's effort stabilise price criticise Britain maintain long-held view anything market. "We quite confident long-term two-thirds world's reserve OPEC hand future ours. We advantage responsibly" said. Lukman described disruption Ecuador's output follow earthquake tragic refuse South American country allow high output quota recover disaster. REUTER 