The United States sought Japanese action stimulate economy appear satisfied Tokyo's late package major development allows lead industrial nation reaffirm agreement stabilize currencies. Monetary source believe U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker consider Tokyo's package announce yesterday major stimulation Japanese economy. But yesterday's statement seven lead industrial power endorses yen's rise 153 dollar level February 22 Paris Accord 145 today. And initial reaction currency market Far East demonstrates financial market unconvinced currency yet reflect economic fundamental country appear so. The yen sank below 145 despite intervention Bank Japan. Kiichi Miyazawa Japan's Finance Minister movement Paris consistent currency trading range nation agree defend February talks. "I happen (to yen) past week outside range agree discussion Paris" Miyazawa yesterday. The supplementary budget worth 34.48 billion dlrs announce ruling Liberal Democratic Party eve Miyazawa's departure Washington attend yesterday's meeting lead industrial nations. In strongly word statement term Japanese action "extraordinary urgent" meeting reaffirm Paris Accord note current exchange rate range broadly consistent fundamental economic reality. The Group Seven -- United States Japan West Germany France Britain Italy Canada -- therefore repeat willingness continue close cooperation foster exchange rate stability. The cooperation agreement result concert central bank intervention 8 billion 9 billion dlrs halt dollar's fall. While relatively unsuccessful scale intervention nation unprecedented recent years. Monetary source understood Secretary Baker consider meeting extremely successful Japanese announcement. They grow feel finance minister central banker cooperation medium-term policy replace bickering short-term difference past meetings. West Germany whose currency risen anything yen Paris Agreement appear yesterday's statement won acceptance country exchange rate acceptable. Bonn's finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg argues major currency shift need remedy huge imbalance West Germany Japan's trade surplus America's trade deficit already take place. No mention U.S. commitment cut budget deficit imply reafffirmation Paris. European nation Japan believe deficit cut essential curb record U.S. trade shortfall reach nearly 170 billion dlrs year. A similar argument Capitol Hill earlier week Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker. A far sharp fall redress trade imbalance "clearly pose substantial risk renew inflationary momentum undermine confidence future financial stability" said. Volcker warn far dollar fall force politically independent Fed drive rates. Monetary source privately West Germany welcome rise yen dollar currency remain relatively stable U.S. unit. Bonn European nation worry weak dollar blunts Tokyo's export drive United States Japanese monolith concentrate European markets. The minister meanwhile continued talk make policy coordination binding Canadian Finance Minister Michael Wilson progress made. Wilson meet June Economic Summit prepare report leader seven nations. The United States France back International Monetary Fund seven agree range "norms" limited economic objective growth inflation monetary condition trade balance current account balances. Sharp deviation guideline result consultation country whether corrective action required. But inclusion currency objective Bonn London worried monetary source implies Washington move direction target zones. The source Reagan administration unsuccessfully sound ally target zone limit currency fluctuation February meeting. The concept rigid secret range Paris Accord mark sharp departure relatively free currency market recent years. Reuter 