Dome Petroleum Ltd pressure large creditor Canadian Imperial Bank Commerce> sell 42 pct stake Encor Energy Corp Ltd> energy industry analyst said. Dome pledge 42.5 mln Encor share security debt Commerce Bank estimate 947 mln Canadian dlrs bank want Dome sell stock pay debt analyst said. "The Commerce slowly surely move Encor direction saleable asset" analyst named. Dome earlier consider sell Encor Energy reaffirm company's 23.3 pct Canadian gold producer Dome Mines Ltd DM> sale "at price." Dome negotiate plan restructure 6.10 billion dlrs debt see Encor strategic investment intend sell spokesman David Annesley said. The Encor share pay dividends. A Commerce Bank spokesman decline comment whether press Dome sell Encor stake. At current market price Dome's stake Encor value 308 mln dlrs 20.9 mln Dome Mines share worth 319 mln dlrs. Recent strength price Encor share prompt Commerce Bank press Dome divest hold Canadian oil gas producer analyst said. "Encor's stock price improve quite substantially recent week runup crude prices" Peters Co Ltd oil analyst Wilf Gobert commented. "The possibility Commerce Bank sell level able recent years" added. Encor trade earlier Toronto Stock Exchange 7-1/8 near 52-week 7-1/2 six dlrs February. The company recently operating management previously carry Dome Petroleum Maison Placements Canada Inc analyst Denis Mote commented. Dome Encor "are actually farther apart. So (the sale) lot sense" Mote said. However analyst Dome resist move divest Encor favor retain operating asset sale proceeds likely directly pay Dome's debt Commerce Bank. "I they'll probably try hang onto Encor can" Bache Securities Inc analyst Doug Weber. Some Dome's 56 major creditor move block sale argue claim company assets. "Other creditor generally sure able piece sell them" analyst Gobert. Another stumble block Encor's 225 mln dlr joint liability loan Dome Petroleum advanced Arctic Petroleum Corp Japan Beaufort Sea exploration. Analysts similar hurdle hinder sale Dome Petroleum's Dome Mines. Dome Mines guaranteed 225 mln dlrs Dome Petroleum's debt "right consent" sale Dome Petroleum's holding. Presumably potential buyer Dome Mines share seek type relief company's debt obligation connect Dome Petroleum Gobert said. Dome spokesman Annesley earlier decline specify price company consider sell Dome Mines share current price 15 dlrs share "are attractive." Reuter 