A collapse U.S. stock price hit Japanese investor hard shift stock bond earlier slow Japanese capital flow U.S. investor stock broker said. Until recently Japanese net purchase U.S. stock project leap eight 12 billion dlrs billion dlrs 1986 security industry source said. "The Japanese suffer severely U.S. bond investment (they suffering) U.S. stocks" Hiroyuki Kondo Yasuda Trust Banking Co Ltd. Japanese portfolio investment concentrate Treasury security lead heavy currency loss follow dollar's steep decline. Even U.S. bond purchase moderate Japanese investor continued suffer loss bond price fell sharply recent months. Now historic fall U.S. stock market stun Japanese investor kill appetite U.S. stocks. Keita Konishi Sumitomo Life Insurance Co firm panicked across-the-board sell-off U.S. stock investment expect resume buying stock time. There panic sell Japanese institutional investor stock price nosedive Susumu Uchiyama Yamaichi Internatinal (America) Inc. Following steep decline Japanese buying U.S. stock appear bargain-priced said. "There wave Japanese investment U.S. being" Keiji Tsuda Nissei BOT Asset Management Corp investment advisory body Nippon Life Insurance Co. "It's twice. The psychological impact (on investors' behaviour) drag considerably" said. The late turmoil financial market trigger U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker threaten futher dollar fall retaliation high West German rate rise undermined foreign investors' confidence dollar Tsuda said. The U.S. economy sit bomb huge budget trade deficit investors' worry twin problem intensified. "Before I dollar's fall (over past years) detonator bomb hasn't" Tsuda said. Investors broker Japanese experienced enormous volatality New York stock market cause "program trading." A stock trader Daiwa Securities America Inc Japanese investor attract American firms' superior performance relative Japanese firm term earnings share U.S. stocks' downside potential large oJapanese stocks. While Japanese stock market take nosedive stabilize effort Japanse firms. A percentage Japanese equity held company hold stock stock Japanese firm strengthen tie cross-holding relationship analyst said. Despite massacare Wall Street Japanese investor expect withdraw U.S. stocks. U.S. equity process built diversification portfolio portion Japanese investor said. But unclear Japanese resume purchasing U.S. stock depends dollar's stability said. Kondo Yasuda Trust Japanese investor fully convince Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan determine fend dollar's value check future inflation U.S. Because uncertainty dollar's direction inflation U.S. Japanese investor yet jumped Treasury bond despite late sharp bond yield rise investor said. Konishi Sumitomo Life "A U.S. recession talk shift bond I feel uneasy buying U.S. instrument now." Tsuda Nissei question strength recent rally U.S. government bond prices. He steep bond market rally real trend bond price rise short cover bill rise temporary fund shift stock market. Reuter 