Bolivia formal offer month buy 900 mln dlrs debt commercial bank discount 90 pct central bank president Jier Nogales said. Nogales told Reuters interview steer committee Bolivia's creditor bank agree consider offer meeting New York month. He offer base value Bolivian paper international secondary debt market trade 10 15 pct value. Nogales Bolivia single offer buy commercial debt bank accepted paid discount rate full. Banks decline offer repaid 20 30 rate below fix international market added. Bolivia frozen payment medium term loan commercial bank March 1984 Nogales money available restart traditional debt service time. Several Latin American country initiate scheme cancel foreign debt equity swap third party buy-backs Bolivia country region formal offer buy commercial bank debt discount rates. Nogales practical strategic consideration determine exact timing offer months. He Bolivia bargain creditor bank price paid debt paper hold single non-negotiable offer. He Bolivia pay friendly creditor country alone commercial banks. The traditional forward capitalise mean great bank exposure Bolivia great loss provision added. "We confident bank reasonable" Nogales said. "Now resolve problem all." "The conservative one little wait I don't window opportunity time" added. Discussing status part Bolivia's billion dlr foreign debt 2.5 billion owe government rest international agency Nogales negotiator achieve considerable success recent discussion Paris Club. He Paris Club creditor agree reschedule Bolivian debt 10 five six grace accept paid 1989. Interest rate discuss bilateral basis Paris Club rule added. He Paris Club agree disregard penalty payment negotiation continue Argentina Brazil hold 700 mln dlrs Bolivian debt. He Bolivia continue service loan international agency expect receive 400 mln dlrs disbursement year. The capital flow loan service change negative balance 250 mln dlrs 1985 net inflow 130 mln dlrs added. Nogales Bolivia's net international reserve stood 250 mln dlrs compare mln dlrs disposable fund government Victor Paz Estenssoro office August 1985. Nogales inflation soar 20000 pct government's month office 10 pct annualised basis six month plan continue level. He government expect pct growth gdp negative rates. Reuter 