Japan accuse dump everything steel computer microchip market attack allege cut-throat sell product sort -- banking services. At meeting week Bank England official press Japanese counterpart change regulation foreign banker Japanese rival unfair advantage financial markets. The technical banking talk coincide separate discussion Japanese official British corporate affair minister Michael Howard left Tokyo yesterday South Korea. At crux talk regulator various country measure bank capital capital bank loans. It generally agree shareholders' equity form bulwark bank capital disagreement else included. Some foreign banker contend Japanese rival undercut loan banking service Tokyo's capital regulation easy meet. The Japanese bank unfair advantage Paul Hofer Foreign Bankers Association Japan told Reuters. Sumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist Masahiko Koido "They aggressive. We try catch them." Earlier United States Britain agree adopt common regulation require bank capital equivalent six pct total assets. The country urge follow suit notably Japan. But Japanese Finance Ministry official held little hope happen soon introduce regulation govern capital ratio May. Under regulation bank 1990 attain capital ratio pct. But tacit recognition overseas pressure ministry six pct target Japanese bank overseas branches. But foreign banker rub allow Japan's bank count 70 pct value massive holding Japanese share - so-called hidden reserve - capital. Without share Japanese bank capital ratio pct. With ratio above six pct especially recent record-breaking climb Tokyo share prices. Western diplomat argue share value ministry. Japanese bank able realize anywhere near amount force sell share raise fund emergency say. Finance Ministry official defend stance say study stock market 30 show price rarely fall below 70 pct value level. But U.S. Federal Reserve seem otherwise. Japanese official Fed effectively held application bank license Japanese financial institution ask detailed accounting hidden reserves. The official Japan recently raise issue Fed embassy Washington hop talk subject. REUTER 