Saudi Arabia likely remain key supplier liquefy petroleum gas (LPG) Japan five oil industry source said. Japan diversify supply source propane butane stable supply continue bank Saudi Arabian LPG source said. They Saudi's supply capability LPG associate crude oil guaranteed crude output capacity. "Saudi reliable supplier sense" trader. Japan import 50 pct LPG Saudi Arabia. No single nation substitute Saudi Arabia LPG supply source Japan source said. "Saudi Arabia commit Japanese LPG buyer quell fear LPG supply Mideast Gulf easily disrupt wake heighten hostility area" trader. Saudi Arabia cut LPG shipment Japan elsewhere 20 pct September fire major gas plant Al-Juaimah operation. October shipment contractual volume Saudi able boost export ports. Attacks Gulf shipping Iran Iraq center crude product carrier lull fear LPG supply disruption trader said. They Iranian blockade Strait Hormuz unlikely block Iran's oil shipments. Industry source Japan's LPG import greatly rise fall domestic demand growth estimate moderate 2.1 pct 1986 1991. Japanese term buyer Saudi LPG expect lift slightly low volume January 1987 import Indonesia slat increase source said. The customer unlikely slash Saudi term purchase scale Japan increase annual import Indonesian LPG 1.95 mln tonne 1989 319000 tonne end March 1987 source said. But demand sluggish summer phase term purchase Saudi LPG secure lower-priced cargo spot market said. Japan import 12 mln tonne LPG 5.3 mln tonne supply Saudi Arabia 3.3 mln term contract mln spot purchases. Some 80 pct Japan's LPG import Middle East. Saudi Arabia's own oil company Petromin concession term price Japanese customer recent round contract renewal talk likely Japanese accept offer source said. The Japanese term customer unsuccessful establish transparent price formula replace exist unilateral monthly price notice. Japanese buyer pay Saudi Arabia price notify Petromin month. Most recently FOB price 87 pct 17.52 dlrs barrel government sell price (GSP) Arabian Light. Buyers reserve phase liftings monthly price 95 pct Arabian Light's GSP. Petromin offer low rate 90 pct 95 pct contract Japanese customer January trade source said. Petromin suggest seller's option supply 20 pct contractural volume subject seller-buyer agreement. Under contract Petromin automatically cut supply 10 pct contractual volume. "If import LPG Saudi Arabia profitable basis price factor 80 85 pct" official major importer. "Freight cost high cargo come Gulf Southeast Asia due longer haul risk insurance payments." Japanese customer visit Saudi Arabia month finalise separate contract talk focus contractual period volume similar current level source said. "When talk seek profitability sometimes forget vulnerability dependence single supplier" one. REUTER 