"If use farmland 1980 none left 20 grow grain on." Xu Jinfeng middle-aged official Fengbang village edge Shanghai sum dilemma China face try feed billion richer building factory homes. China feed quarter world's population seventh land arable. Sharp increase farm output 1979 China net grain exporter 1985 1986. But rapid industrialisation countryside occur gobble arable land factory home peasant afford them. Official figure show China lose pct arable land us 1985 slightly small amount year. It gain 26 mln mouth feed years. "We lose little land prior 1980 industrialisation began" official Xu said. "Since nearly family county built home factory go up." "Last lose land railway line" Xu said. But land loss future fall nearly family already house added. The issue land loss matter major concern Peking leadership announce earlier month China issue nationwide quota conversion grain land year. "The situation abuse occupy unlawfully waste destroy land land resource serious" article official press explain measures. "It result loss cultivate farmland" said. "China population land resource badly deficient." An official Shanghai city government county authority approve conversion 0.3 hectare arable land us anything approve city government. The Peking government face major obstacle effort ensure China's grain eat. The price pay farmer grain low make profitable grow crops. To offset offer farmer cheap fertiliser diesel oil payment advance grain contract buy. The sell grain subsidise price China's 200 mln city residents. Rural factory subsidise grain output pay farmer bonus grow it. Some official argue simplest solution raise city grain prices. Chen Zuyuan Communist Party secretary village eastern province Zhejiang government listen demand "selfish city people" raise city grain price problem. But government rule price rise. "Raising price grain directly conflict goal stability" China Daily editorial month. The Shanghai official price reform term. "We careful. We population price stability object price rises" said. "The it." The Shanghai official rise grain price affect price hundred food product grain consume city residents. In addition face inadequate investment farmer land grain particular. The official press report farmer fear farm policy change put wealth building graf memorial hall ancestor homes. Under reform introduce late 1970s farmer sign contract require grow crop considerable freedom land. "As expiration date 15-year contract halfway mark farmer begin worry future" China Daily editorial month. Their anxiety stem allow land it. For period Communist rule land organise collective little individual initiative. "New measure need reassure consistency government policy interested long-term investment" newspaper said. REUTER 