The Reagan Administration's soon-to-be publish proposal experimental therapy rapidly widely available terminally ill patient pose product liability problem drug company expert pharmaceutical field said. Details proposal publish Federal Register shortly effective 90-day comment period. Under propose policy announce Tuesday Commissioner Food Drugs Frank E. Young press conference patient threaten disease enrol clinical trial allow access experimental therapy. The policy allows drug company sell promising drug patients. Previously drug AZT rush wider free-of-charge agent show effective. Under policy FDA refuse permit physician administer experimental drug show unsafe. Financial analyst plan likely benefit biotechnology company product approve marketing U.S. little economic impact drug company source revenue. "Charging fee experimental drug biotech companies' near-term financial situation dependent outside sources" Teena Lerner biotech analyst L.F. Rothchild. Other observer concerned drug company legal bind promising drug prove devastate effects. "Before lot drug company release drug hard liability--the product liability problem enormous" Washington-based lawyer specializes drug field. Patients clinical trial normally sign lengthy inform consent paper take investigational drug. The lawyer case go trial suit drug company's investigational drug. "The proposal kettle fish" lawyer. "Drug company probably meeting insurance companies." Burroughs-Wellcome Co U.S. arm British firm Wellcome PLC make AZT Merck Co Inc MRK> Hoffman-LaRoche Inc SmithKline Beckman Corp SKB> soon comment policy. "I'm uncomforable this" Wellcome spokeswoman Kathy Bartlett. "We haven't chance formulate response yet. It's early." But financial analyst proposal benefit drug companies. "I proposal significant alteration FDA's past policy positively affect (drug companies') stocks" drug analyst Davis Saks Morgan Olmstead Kennedy Gardner. Saks warn health care provider balk proposal call "amoral" charge patient life-threatening disease drug otherwise free clinical trials. Jeffrey Warren spokesman Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association represent major drug firm U.S. "A mechanism already exists FDA permit seriously ill patient access experimental drug approved." Warren acknowledge PMA able consensus membership rule formally published. He admit product liability problem concern major drug companies. Jeffrey Levi executive director National Gay Lesbian Task Force actively AIDS policy funding issue cite drug Suramin Bayer AG BAYRY> show promise AIDS treatment wider clinical test show deadly effects. Reuter 