U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige praise South Korea's surplus-cutting trade policy warn protectionist retaliation Seoul's market liberalisation effort falter fail. In press conference talk South Korean leader Baldrige call government's announce intention regulate export boost import "a step direction Korean government take." The government adopt policy week hope head trade U.S. Baldrige policy "showed understand country cannot indefinitely grow export alone." "There change domestic growth begin load" said. South Korea 7.2 billion dlr trade surplus Washington 1986 thanks largely boom sale car consumer electronic goods. It rack 1.4 billion dlrs surplus quarter year. Baldrige Seoul's package measure "broad comprehensive ... Actions take liberalise import (and) increase domestic economy government willing follow through." "We watch implementation policy direction closely" said. "Because protectionism grow U.S. We real Korea keep path ... Of steadily increase liberalisation.... If falter fail turn backward I'm sure I'm stand we'd protectionist movement U.S." Baldrige South Korean Trade Minister Rha Woong-bae spent discuss trade problem specific product categories. These include service industry close sector South Korea computer cars. Baldrige urge speedy action remove tariff tax import U.S. Cars sell time American prices. "We stop that. With sort there's trouble somewhere road" said. "We point out." Asked Seoul's measure succeed revaluation won Washington urge month Baldrige decline comment. "We don't target particular currency feel currency successful economy reflect fundamental various economy involved" said. Baldrige agree Rha's proposal cooperation form U.S.-South Korean joint venture third countries. The American government pleased encourage U.S. Firms involve added. Commenting President Reagan's decision increase tariff Japanese import U.S. Baldrige Washington's trade problem Japan comparable difficulty South Korea. "I attitude Korea reasonable fair" said. "It's firm attitude. We don't anything ask it. "But negotiation friendly reasonable usually happen country live to." REUTER 