The Amsterdam Stock Exchange engage reform boost competitiveness launch modernisation drive operational systems. The move announce news step integration financial market supervision Netherlands involve transaction clearing settlement systems. In addition bourse's Amsterdam Interprofessional Market (AIM) information update short term software provide Chicago Midwest Stock Exchange. The Amsterdam bourse study acquisition Midwest Exchange software order-routing statement note market remains firmly commit preservation trading floor. "The Bourse management feel despite discussion trigger intend closure trading floor London preparation overhaul trading floor Amsterdam continue" statement said. The operational modernisation Amsterdam Stock Exchange follow liberalisation measure aim stem flow market abroad. The liberalisation particularly introduction off-floor trading stock bond net-basis AIM described bourse official Amsterdam's "little bang" reference sweep reform October London Stock Exchange know Big Bang. AIM start trial run officially force January 1 already credit halt growth Dutch stock trade abroad mainly London. Amsterdam feel on-floor facility fee vital small investor need overhaul floor accommodate technology members. A floor layout order-routing ready sometime statement said. It planning on-screen Central Securities information System price international exchange include U.S. And Japan stock information company news. Yesterday bourse announce start coordinate summer market supervision option future trade Netherlands step unified financial market watchdog. In addition bourse option gold future price list merge April. Transactions Amsterdam process outdated punch card price information stem large off-floor deal AIM yet integrate bourse's board. A bourse spokesman exchange hop launch screen information service 1989 add service priority. At bourse price information company information announce bourse publish printer service select price available via teletext. REUTER 