Because novel financing deal sell quickly week General Motors Corp's GM> General Motors Acceptance Corp unit plan multi-tiered financing Michael Mangan GMAC. "We certainly happy transaction. We plan more" Mangan director corporate financing. Offered Wednesday 100 mln dlr issue price level attract wide range retail investor regional institution officer P.W. Korth Co Inc PaineWebber Inc share bookrunning duties. "We continue look multi-tiered financings" Mangan said. "GMAC plan talk Korth PaineWebber thought deal. We security placed" GMAC officer added. Mangan co-lead manager pricing enable finance arm General Motors borrow attractive rates. "GMAC save basis point technique" officer Korth's syndicate desk. "Our all-in-cost comparable. If deal obviously it" Mangan noted. The GMAC seven-year note coupon 7.45 pct. For investor buying 100000 dlrs note offering price par yield 45 basis point comparable Treasury securities. Those buying 100000 250000 dlrs pay 99.60 yield 7.52 pct 53 basis point Treasuries. For purchase 250000 dlrs note carry price 99.20 yield 7.599 pct 61 basis point Treasuries. In contrast Ford Motor Co's F> Ford Motor Credit Co unit month sell 300 mln dlrs same-maturity note price yield 7.62 pct 62.5 basis point Treasuries. "Retail investor generally issue product" officer PaineWebber's corporate syndicate desk. "They buy security secondary market." Bond trader corporates rise above par secondary market year. They attribute huge bond redemption issue companies. "Institutions mutual fund see holding call away. They're scramble replace them" trader. As result underwriter retail investor gladly sacrifice yield spread Treasuries buy debt issue below par. "The GMAC financing tailor-made retail investors" comment underwriter syndicate. GMAC's Mangan firm want sell security aim retail sector. "Access retail investor drive force behind multi-tiered financing. This market speak" Mangan said. "There lot GMAC paper there" executive add refer unit's past offerings. "One basic strategy target security specific investor hopefully attain broader distribution." Officers Korth PaineWebber GMAC note sell quickly week issue sell Friday afternoon. "In sell retail investor small institution lot telephone calls" investment banker point out. Underwriters note Korth PaineWebber co-managers A.G. Edwards Thomson McKinnon strong retail bases. "They carve niche here" said. "We plan underwrite deals" Korth official. An officer PaineWebber echoed sentiment. Multi-tiered financing relatively wrinkle Wall Street. An officer Korth belives firm underwrote issue eight nine month ago Citicorp CCI>. GMAC's Mangan company issue Korth October 1986 50 mln dlr issue carry price levels. "But price gap tier large" Mangan said. In conversation underwriter tier price apart." Meanwhile underwriting syndicate schedule bid competitively tomorrow 250 mln dlrs refund mortgage bond due 2017 Philadelphia Electric Co PE>. Non-refundable five debt rat Baa-3 Moody's BBB-minus Standard Poor's. Southern Railway Co unit Norfolk Southern Corp NSC> hold accept bid Wednesday 20 mln dlrs serial equipment trust certificates. The debt rat top-flight AAA Moody's S P. IDD Information Services 30-day corporate visible supply rise 3.98 billion dlrs 3.28 billion dlrs. Reuter 