Today's U.K. Economic data push chance base lending rate cut current nine pct far distance analyst said. A record fall unemployment manufacturing production data show economy strong fillip low rates. News underlie earnings rise 7.75 pct annually take together high expect bank lending money supply growth revive inflation worry monetarist argument easy credit said. "The timetable low rate push while. The strength economy broad money growth make difficult near term" Chase Manhattan Securities economist Robin Marshall. Analysts reach conclusion despite yesterday's mortgage rate cut borrower building society sign expect near term trend U.K. Rates. It counter optimistic forecast week post-general election cut imminent support optimistic economic news May's record reserve rise mirror Bank England effort cap sterling's strength. The gilt market lose nearly half enthusiasm May's 64300 fall seasonally adjust unemployment rate 2.95 mln 10.6 pct workforce rapidly replace dismay continued level underlie average earnings April dealer said. The upset compound news sterling bank lending rise 2.7 billion stg May above forecast Bank England look likely sell gilt offset impact domestic money supply current intervention. "The gilt market reaction correct" Bill Martin chief U.K. Economist broker Phillips Drew. "That's ... It show economy indeed" Skeoch said. "There's reason worry inflationary pressure they're subdued." Unit wage cost rise expect pct high April cost average earnings potentially inflationary added. "I don't average earnings number major problem" agree Chase Manhattan's Marshall. But gilt market likely remain worried funding implication recent intervention. He inflow foreign money sterling asset earlier attract growth prospect hope ruling Conservatives win week's election look likely prevent base rate cut authority try prevent fund swell domestic money system. However David Owen U.K. Economist Kleinwort Grieveson Securities fresh sterling strength trigger base rate cut today's figure signal high inflation year. "Wage increase offset productivity growth. As continue we're okay" added. REUTER 