As official Washington sought restore investor confidence Monday's Wall Street collapse Treasury Secretary James Baker fire critic claimed help precipitate crisis. Baker's weekend blast West German Bundesbank boost rate signal unravel international accord stabilize currency values. Nigel Lawson British Chancellor Exchequer treasury secretary's statement help spur wave stock sale make already jittery investor clash major economic power damage economy. Lawson told London television interviewer Tuesday "I scale (stock) fall great. That I partly due statement senior figure Atlantic." It dispute happen added. Although Baker appear patch rift hastily-called meeting West German official Monday face storm criticism return United States Tuesday. Baker cut short long-planned trip Scandinavia return deal economic crisis. Said U.S. analyst Baker's weekend remark "His timing worse." One government bond salesman New York "He actually yell Germans threaten smack dollar work. That doesn't show understand international monetary gamesmanship." However analyst West Germany's stubborn march high rate force Baker's hand. "On surface Baker look responsible cause (unsettling financial markets) West German policy" Robert Brusca Nikko Securities International New York. "All Mr. Baker mention obvious make responsible little kill messenger" said. After Monday's talk U.S. West German government clear Louvre currency accord piece together Paris February effect. Wall Street fear collapse agreement prelude hyper-inflation economic malaise similar late 1970s. Analysts believe Monday's Wall Street crash wipe 500 billion dlrs stock values. Treasury source Baker already unhappy Bonn's refusal stimulate economy keep global recovery move angered Bundesbank rate boost destine opposite. He U.S. recovery inch 59th month longer engine global economic expansion. A grow U.S. economy serve huge market debtor country exports. Moreover Baker consummate politician worried Republican party year's presidential election main showpiece -- vibrant economy -- badly tarnished. A rise global rate worsen debt crisis completely choke U.S. economic growth already slow tepid 3.2 pct annual rate. "There's doubt adverse effect economy it's psychology turn quickly else obviously panic feed eventually there'll serious price pay economically" former deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman television interview. In way official response mild. Washington stun sudden Wall Street retreat President Reagan speak admit "puzzled." U.S. government source secretary immediately return Treasury briefed market development presumably political impact. For seem unlikely Baker's status Washington diminish market fall. Asked reporter somebody's roll Wall Street retreat Texas Democratic Senator Lloyd Bentsen irony "Oh I it's late do that...You administration that's take attitude country automatic pilot --- retire living nap. You can't that." Reuter 