Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone's unpopular sale tax plan defeat fellow politician political analyst agree suffer grave loss willing write off. Michio Watanabe Nakasone faction member deputy secretary ruling Liberal Democratic Party LDP believe survive. "He's tough won't step down" "will hang death" term end October 30 Watanabe told Reuters. The sale tax scheme mainstay Nakasone's plan revamp nation's tax 36 years. Watanabe acknowledge five pct sale tax mistake. "It greedy" said. A pct tariff easy swallow said. One popular skeptical analyst Nakasone remain office June 8-10 summit industrialise nation Venice. A Western diplomatic observer believe Nakasone summit prime minister. But bet chance survival October. Masamichi Inoki senior fellow conservative Institute Peace Security Nakasone suffer irreparable damage. "He certainly hang summit" Inoki said. In event belief five pct sale tax champion Nakasone dead issue indirect tax form introduce LDP. Inoki believe issue resurrect Diet (parliament) meets. The current session finish May 27. The newspaper Tokyo Shimbun express stream opinion state Nakasone deal unfinished unpopular tax reform. The government generate revenue support expect glut elderly Japanese. And mean drum money levy indirect tax Watanabe former Minister International Trade Industry. The prime minister grapple indirect tax "whoever prime minister won't job long" Watanabe said. Watanabe doubt prime minister so-called "New Leaders" LDP secretary Noboru Takeshita LDP executive council chairman Shintaro Abe Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa. Each control powerful LDP faction. "It somebody else" said. Political science professor Rei Shiratori Dokkyo University give darkest reading Nakasone's political future. "Soon Venice summit move change government New Leaders" Shiratori said. "He can't fight on" said. He Nakasone special emotional attachment sale tax plan item Japan's purge policy inherit U.S. Occupation. Shiratori indirect tax levy "to introduce tax they'll change prime minister." Nevertheless Shiratori believe Nakasone hang late September. REUTER 