A study Organization Economic Cooperation Development say resolve huge economic imbalance plague economy U.S. western official said. The paper expect stimulate policy debate senior official lead industrial nation prepare month's annual meeting finance minister Paris. The May 11-13 ministerial meeting 24-nation OECD forum coordinate economic policy take add significance view difficulty dog attempt major nation achieve joint goals. Despite meeting seven lead industrial power -- United States Japan West Germany France Britain Italy Canada -- pledge change policy action. As result financial market unusually unstable focus attention international meeting clue change air. The study concludes need great fiscal action United States West Germany Japan reduce massive trade imbalance U.S. official said. "We look there. We've continue cut deficit need domestic expansion (in West Germany Japan)" official note significant action call for. Officials note study strongly underscore action West Germany Japan. Seperately western official understood U.S. overture Japan West Germany cut short-term rate rebuffed now. Such rate reduction help stabilize steep decline dollar widen difference bond yield United States Japan West Germany other. One official policy action call similar urge seven study show "it's resolve (the trade imbalances)." The OECD pct necessary target average annual growth industrial trade imbalance correct Third World debt crisis kept control. The study strongly implies target met major action lead nation official said. Equally suggests major fiscal expansion Bonn Tokyo correspond deep reduction U.S. budget deficit current trend upturn U.S. rate weaken dollar uncorrected. U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker say dollar's deep decline alone shave 15 billion dlrs roughly 140 billion dlrs U.S. deficit good service year. But study found progress seven main nation move direction. In Paris February seven agree fiscal action major power stabilize currency level ruling then. The Reagan administration week face prospect tough trade bill aim curb foreign trade surplus promise fight protectionism. The official Washington move ahead budget deficit cut 36 billion dlrs figure goal Democratic leadership House Representatives. They call significant increase budget deficit Japan West Germany. Since study met Japan announce roughly 35 billion dlr supplementary budget warmly welcome Washington. Nonetheless caution timing content propose Japanese budget. Financial market unconvinced yet Japanese promise action push yen sharply high dollar. While West German fiscal action promise January 1988 U.S. official welcome move. "We'd love accelerate tax cuts" official said. West German economic growth fell steeply quarter official Bonn reassure U.S. official expect growth pick again. If faster German growth fails emerge Bonn pressure speed tax cut plan 1988 leader seven meet Venice June. reuter 