Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc Wednesday boom despite inability distance insider trading scandal spread rumor doubt Wall Street. "For company that's suppose siege do extremely well. We exceedingly profitable" spokesman firm told Reuters. The rumor swirl Drexel broker involve concern threaten Federal probe Wall Street sources. The firm lead edge merger tie now-disgraced speculator Ivan Boesky. In late chapter story Drexel commodity firm begin limit amount firm cite credit risks. Drexel powerful competitor precious metal markets. But Drexel spokesman Steve Anredder told Reuters Drexel's overall proceed normally first-quarter profit "could strong anybody Wall Street." "I wouldn't we're feel effect (from trading probes)" said. "But we're do extremely well." The firm subpoenaed government's wide-ranging probe illegal trading involve confidential company information Wall Street. Believed particular scrutiny Drexel's "junk bond" operation -- issuance high-risk speculative debt pioneer financing corporate takeovers. "We wrong" Drexel spokesman. "After thorough investigation found evidence wrongdoing firm anyone firm." The spokesman aftermath Boesky arrest Drexel charged. Nor individual firm charge illegal act employ Drexel. One top merger specialist Martin Siegel charge connection former job. Still firm Wall Street Drexel suffer consequence insider trading probe. To begin series brief shock junk bond market nervousness link rumor Drexel trouble. At Drexel Wednesday Midwest bank refuse allow Drexel-issued bond collateral credit lines. Two week ago restriction withdrawn said. The company notify month outside insurer Drexel's individual brokerage account decide renew coverage. Drexel subsidiary handle insurance. American International Group British underwriter handle rest. Drexel appear lose ground merger acquisition recently market source said. However Anredder sign Drexel lose customer owe insider trading cases. But cite result quarter company point mostly area success. Corporate financing total 8 billion dlrs include 3 billion dlrs junk bond January-March period Drexel said. Drexel maintains lion's share lucrative trade source noted. The market junk bond jittery "has rally vengeance" Anredder said. Although competition junk bond arena market source concur Drexel remains king hill. While lead Wall Street firm limit head-to-head dealing Drexel commodity market base worry credit company Drexel spokesman call "ridiculous." Reuter 