The European Community's (EC) executive Commission defend attack major element ambitious rid EC controversial farm surplus strong attack northern states. Britain West Germany back Netherlands Denmark oppose propose tax edible oil fat already spark strong protest exporter EC lead U.S. EC consumer group diplomat said. But EC Agriculture Commissioner Frans Andriessen told journalist warn minister failure agree tax propose month Commission's annual farm price package leave hole group's budget. He add hop yet good. "I hope debate formidable hole budget" said. The shortfall reach billion dollar 1988 slightly said. Foreign minister take look tax ahead farm minister move described diplomat unprecedented welcome Andriessen sign minister recognise importance reform EC's farm policy. The propose tax design provide EC extra cash finance community oilseed crop current level brake dramatic decrease olive oil consumption make competitive oils. Andriessen note EC mln olive oil producer mostly farmer help tax. "What suggest reasonable understood outside community home" said. Britain normally keen advocate radical change EC's costly farm subsidy warn proposal impose tax domestic import oil fat seriously damage EC's trade relation countries. Britain warn tax hit develop country already receive aid EC said. The Commission defend proposal dismantle Monetary Compensatory Amounts (MCA) -- cross border subsidy tax level foreign exchange fluctuation farm export -- harsh West German criticism. In letter weekend Chancellor Helmut Kohl EC executive Commission President Jacques Delors Kohl clear dismantle mainly hit West German farmers. Diplomats West Germany repeat criticism talk Andriessen told journalist Germany alone opposition. The question key aspect Commission's farm price proposal added. Ministers agree 3.5 billion dlrs scheme rid EC butter mountain despite Spanish Portuguese opposition. The scheme pay disposal mln tonne unwanted butter sell knock-down price turn animal feed export subsidise prices. National capital due reimburse saving plan curb milk production. Diplomats Spain Portugal angered scheme feel force pay massive surplus built join community country block today's vote. Reuter 