Property look continue provide return investment major city Asia Australia year. A Reuter poll property analyst banker economist region show return likely buying sell real estate rental income. In central Tokyo property analyst project commercial land price rise 10 20 pct year's 53.8 pct jump. The main draw local foreign investor Japan Tokyo top price paid central commercial property 169000 dlrs square meter. A building land-poor Singapore recently sell 3300 dlrs meter. But analyst Tokyo rent level supply increase slightly strong yen put price reach foreign investors. Japanese investor spur yen's rise spending record sum property abroad partly elsewhere Asia particular U.S. Where Japanese investment double 10 billion dlrs analyst said. The analyst forecast Hong Kong property price rise steadily surge construction limit increase areas. Property sale increasingly popular sector market real estate price city region already outpace rent yields. "We price creep steadily I don't trend continue months" Gareth Williams partner land agent Vigers Hong Kong. But warn investor bear political risk link return colony China 1997. In country analyst predict rise property value case Thailand spark construction boom. Bankers economist Bangkok expect seven pct growth private sector construction result government assistance low mortgage rate generally bullish economic outlook. Increased confidence economy improve outlook property Manila three-year slump Philippine developer said. Taiwan's property market turn five doldrums accord property developer Taipei. They counterpart region's capital cite low rate major factor. One lead broker property market attractive investment Taiwan note property development yield 15 pct. Jakarta plenty office towers. Construction help cut rent half level 1980s foreigner usually rent limit property ownership part Asia. In contrast Australia's ease rule foreign investment property combine financial deregulation weaker dollar help spark overseas market analyst said. But meant sales. "What see increase inquiry particularly Japan yet show deal done" Allan Farrar executive director (real estate) Elders IXL Ltd's pastoral group. Yields prime Sydney office building average 6.5 pct analyst forecast 20 pct jump rent 15 pct rise past years. REUTER... 