A Soviet geologist scientist coordinate data onshore offshore oil deposit identify global formation indicate potential discovery oil gas reserves. Vladmir Vladiminovich Semenovich petroleum geology Moscow State University told delegate World Petroleum Congress exploration efficiency improve sophisticated technology. "We emphasize have data petroleum distribution onshore offshore clarify idea global regularity oil gas prospects" Semenovich said. "However coordinate data concern structure oil gas prospect adjoin onshore offshore basins." Sharing information geologist predict regional trend underground formation indicate presence oil gas said. Semenovich exist estimate potential oil natural gas resource revise upward oil company continue examine unexplored regions. The already produce 476 billion barrel oil gas current total 733 billion barrel prove reserves. Undiscovered resource estimate 1.4 trillion barrel half total ultimate reserve Semenovich said. "There lot unstudied region already know basin continue additional reserves" note Antarctica virtually ignored. "The exist estimate potential resource enlarged." To deeper expensive reserve scientist 3-D mapping underground formation laser spectrometry measure bitumen soil plant technique said. He estimate continental slope contain 10 13 pct offshore reserves. Semenovich virtually total oil gas resource estimate exist discover place production 50 years. After speech Semenovich told Reuters Soviet oil production increasing. "The difficulty 1985 overcome we're normal production" said. The Soviet Union world's large producer oil experienced drilling technical problem cut total liquid production 12.45 mln barrel 1984 12.1 mln barrel 1985. Last Soviets produce estimate 12.3 mln barrels. When recent reopen test coal gasification project Soviet Central Asia Semenovich project lack oil reserve region. Semenovich decline identify level oil price coal gasification process economic again. "It's expensive being" Semenovich said. "Theoretical development underway test run. For moment coal gasification energy industry" said. Reuter 