Fleet Financial Group hope propose merger Norstar Bancorp NOR> ranked large U.S. banking merger complete begin 1988 accord executive Fleet. Robert Lougee director corporate communication Rhode Island-based Fleet told Reuters company explore possiblity seek change trigger date state's reciprocal bank law Jan 1 1988 July one. The decision Rhode Island legislature. The merger plan announce midday news release deal worth 1.3 billion dlrs consummate July Rhode Island barrier interstate banking outside New England down. "If consummate deal earlier concerned" Lougee said. He knowledge change Rhode Island law hardship banking institution state. He Fleet optimstic Connecticut law permit interstate banking merger New England amended. Fleet own First Connecticut Bancorp. If Connecticut law amend Lougee option spin unit repurchase provisions. The New England reciprocal banking law exclude New York mean protect regional bank gobble money center giants. Wall Street analyst merger accord Fleet Albany N.Y.-based Norstar demonstrates rapid pace interstate banking merger legislature begain permit regional merger reciprocal basis. The U.S. Supreme Court decide mid-1985 permit mergers. Fleet Norstar joint statement bill propose merger "a partnership companies." Both continue operate exist headquarters merger. Norstar holder receive 1.2 Fleet share theirs follow Fleet's previously announce two-for-one split. Fleet share close 59-1/2 1/8 give deal indicate value 1.3 billion dlrs. That topped propose merger Los Angeles-based Security Pacific Corp SPC> Seattle's Rainier Bancorpartion RBAN>. The West Coast deal announce week ago worth estimate 1.2 billion dlrs. Chemical New York Corp's CHL> acquisition Texas Commerce Bancshares value 1.2 billion dlrs make similar size Security Pacific-Rainer deal. The California combination Wells Fargo Co WFC> Crocker National Corp worth 1.1 billion dlrs bank merger southeast value 700-800 mln dlr range. "It's merger equals" analyst John Rooney Moseley Securities Corp. He Norstar book value 1986 19.63 dlrs share Fleet's book value 28.02 dlrs. Rooney note Norstar chairman Peter Kiernan 60's Fleet's Terrence Murray late 40's. He Kiernan probably combine company retirement Murray assume top post. Analyst Thaddeus Paluszek Merrill Lynch Co Fleet's earnings dilute pct 1986 basis merger term announce today. He note Fleet "teriffic reputation" have diversified financial areas. Fleet establish consumer bank southeast know innovator securitization mortgages. The merge bank asset excess 25 billion dlrs 25 large bank U.S. Norstar operates New York New York City. Lougee future banking operation Norstar Fleet operate Maine combined. The agreement Norstar Fleet include "lock-up" option design deter acquirers. Each grant option purchase authorize unissued share amount 24.99 pct fully dilute share outstanding. Reuter 