The death world's tropical rain forest trigger debt crisis biological disaster scientist ecologist involve International Tropical Timber Organisation (ITTO) said. At stake ability develop nation include Brazil Mexico Philippines service debt loss trade worth hundred billion dollar sector agriculture pharmaceutical said. The expert gathering ahead ITTO meeting consumer producer near Tokyo week already acute. The Philippines offer textbook economic dangers. "For third nation loss forest loss resources" Delfin Ganapin Philippine government consultant environmental impact. "In 1960s 16 mln hectare commercial forest mln. We 10 profitable log left. With 26 billion dlr debt loss log foreign exchange earnings serious" said. About 14 mln Philippine depend upland area denude farmer cannot grow crops. Government security adviser direct result likely source revolution Philippines upland area Ganapin. Replanting uneconomic replant tropical hardwood 50 pct chance survival. There know reproduce wood million specie within. "No replant programme successful" Almy Hafild Indonesian Network Forest Conservation. Ganapin billion dlrs need alone save five mln hectare critically denude land Philippines. The expert major initiative development bank vicious circle continue country cut forest service short-term debt cost long-term insolvency. Yet timber five billion dlr industry necessarily direct economic product forest nation educate "farm" Peter Kramer World Wildlife Fund (WWF) conservation director. There billion dlr annual global trade product rattan Brazil nut earn Brazil 16 mln dlrs said. U.S. Pharmacologist Norman Farnsworth calculate 25 pct U.S. Prescriptions owe active ingredient high plant grow forests. Deforestation wipe chance far discovery force major corporation research develop produce man-made substitute cost scientist incalculable. By 2000 10 develop nation export timber 33 currently export earnings drop 1980 peak 6.8 billion dlrs billion World Bank U.N. Sponsored survey said. Of 20.3 billion dlrs advanced World Bank Inter-American African Asian Development Banks 1980-84 100 mln dlrs forestry project said. WWF statistic show half world's tropical forest vanished 1940s. Of 2000 mln hectare remain 16 mln destroyed destructive log practises local farmers. REUTER 