Eurodollar bond close full low dollar fell post-war low yen rate U.S. Treasuries rise eight pct. The dollar fell 144.30 yen recover slightly foreign exchange trader New York Federal Reserve intervene buy dollar yen. But despite dollar's woe Japan Development Bank wholly own Japanese government raise 150 mln dlrs seven-year eurobond carry eight pct coupon. Lead manager issue Bank Tokyo deal pricing yield 60 basis point comparable maturity Treasuries. However close trading spread narrow 55 continued slide aftermarket activity. Dealers note spread Treasuries wide newly-priced AAA-rated borrower Japan Development Bank. For example earlier week World Bank raise U.S. Dlrs 25 basis point Treasuries. Dealers borrower come market fairly infrequently -- nine month ago spread appear wide. But official Bank Tokyo spread intend compensate lack liquidity uncertainty currently associate own dollar securities. The official borrower opt raise fund dollar despite currency's weakness market deep accommodate issue size. Japan Development Bank allow raise euroyen. Market source deal likely swap yen borrower previous issue were. Late deal trading inside fee 1.75 1.55. Also issue 40 mln dlr five-year offering Toshiba International Finance (Netherlands) carry 7-3/8 pct coupon price 101-1/2. Three equity link dollar denominate deal offer large 200 mln dlr offering Sekisui Chemical Co guaranteed Sanwa Bank Ltd. The issue equity warrant attach late quote brokers' screen 106-1/2 bid only. The Australian dollar market continued active Canadian Imperial Bank Commerce offering bond 125 mln five-year zero coupon price 54. Late deal quote 1-1/4 bid. A similar deal yesterday Toronto Dominion price slightly high 54.37 pct effective yield 13.52 pct quote slightly low 1.37 1.25 pct. Dealers investor apparently willing accept zero-coupon bond yield 50 100 basis point annual-pay bond tax benefit retail buyers. Also bond volatile rate fall Australia analyst expect potential capital gain great zero-coupon. The bond expect australian dlr appreciate. Dealers Australia dlr zero coupon bond apparently place retail account European continent little placement Japan. Euroyen issue sank slightly line price domestic Japanese bond market recover late trade yen soared. After market close dollar fell 144 yen. The European Investment Bank (EIB) issue 40 mln euroyen issue pay 4-5/8 pct seven years. This seven-year yen issue day -- sector yield curve Japan dealer feel yet overpriced. REUTER 