U.S. District Court Judge Eugene A. Gordon plan issue decision tomorrow Burlington Industries Inc's request injunction stop Samjens Acquisition Corp's takeover bid company. Wall Street source outcome pivotal determine winner fierce takeover battle Burlington large u.s. textile maker. Gordon preside six hour argument lawyer Burlington Samjens partnership form Dominion Textile Inc New York investor Asher Edelman. Hearings schedule continue tomorrow. A preliminary injunction hold Samjens 2.47 billion dlr offer decided. Burlington previously agree 2.44 billion dlr buyout Morgan Stanley Group Inc MS> dlr share low sweeten 77 dlr share bid Samjens week. Burlington respond Samjens offer. Burlington allege lawsuit Edelman Dominion illegally obtain confidential information company make takeover attempt. That information Burlington provide James Ammeen former Burlington executive PaineWebber Group Inc PWJ>. Ammeen work Burlington 23 12 division 50 pct Burlington's sale reporting him. When left Burlington November 1985 Burlington sign contract promising divulge inside information company. Burlington lawyer shortly left work PaineWebber employee hostile plan "takeover company dismember company displace management" Burlington lawyer Hubert Humphrey said. Samjens lawyer acknowledge receive information PaineWebber argue information information obtain either texitle industry analyst Burlington's financial statements. Burlington lawyer PaineWebber Ammeen met Edelman Dominion November continued meet couple day Edelman Dominion April 24 intention company. Burlington lawyer claim Dominion's board decide attempt takeover Burlington Ammeen met board February. Burlington lawyer Edelman Dominion held discussion PaineWebber Ammeen act financial adviser Samjens. But allege talk broke Painewebber Ammeen satisfy Edelman dominion write statement provide inside information. Lawyers Samjens contend Painewebber Ammeen withdrew potential adviser Burlington chairman Frank Greenberg call PaineWebber executive threaten legal action PaineWebber involve effort takeover Burlilgnton. "The ultimate question price share profit permissable standard conduct takeover American company" burlington lawyer Humphrey. Burlington lawyer contend Burlington large manufacturer denim United States violation anti-trust law acquire Dominion Canada's large textile maker. Dominion denim manufacturing plant Georgia reduce competition denim market lawyer said. Samjens' lawyer discount concern. They market denim fragment Burlington contends Burlington ability switch weight heavy weight denim production demand price dictate. Samjens lawyer point lawsuit file Burlington Canada consider bid Dominion. "Surely sauce goose sauce gander" Sidney Rosdeitcher Samjens lawyer. Reuter 