The restoration coffee export quota current 1986/87 coffee (Oct 1/Sept 30) seem unlikely reluctance International Coffee Organization ICO producer consumer resume negotiation interim quota accord producer delegate told reporters. Consumers producer reopen quota dialogue Brazil's position remains unchanged said. Brazil's refusal accept reduction previous 30 pct share ICO's global export quota effectively torpedoed talk month aim restore quota October delegate noted. Disappointment lack progress quota force coffee future London New York low trader said. Near May New York fell below dlr trading 99.10 cent pound trader said. Producer delegate possibility reimpose quota October remain ICO agenda practice idea effectively discarded. The ICO's executive board session week barely touch quota debate demonstrate unwillingness revive talk chance success remote producer delegate said. Some producer hurry quota restore despite price collapse see failure month's negotiation said. "With Brazil's frost season approach want negotiate quotas" lead producer delegate said. Coffee price normally rise Brazil's frost season (mainly June-August) dealer roaster build stock insurance severe frost damage Brazil's crop. Many producer interested work towards reimpose quota October 1 base quota allocation valid International Coffee Agreement expires 1989 said. Guatemala already propose "other oilds" producer meet month begin talk allocate quota shares. Producers seem divide overhaul quota distribution producer delegate reporting grow support radical reallocation base principle "objective criteria" favour consumers. At month's council session splinter producer back consumer demand quota share base exportable production stock Brazil Colombia rest producer favour leave quota allocation unchanged except temporary adjustments. A delegate eight producer support cause. The delegate unless major producer Brazil show readiness negotiate quota share prospect quota accord October look bleak. The U.S. consumer determine reimposition quota conditional redistribution quota share base "objective criteria." ICO observer remain sceptical Brazil prepared accept quota reduction ICO council meet September. Brazil adopt tough stance bank external debt negotiation likely tough coffee said. They Brazil's reluctance coffee export registration reflect fear provoke price slide force emergency ICO council session likely failure. Producers met afternoon review market situation discussion far negotiation proceed producer delegate said. Producers plan hold consultation quota date formal producer meeting plan fix said. The ICO executive board reconvene 1650 hour local hear report consultant ICO operations. The board meeting look earlier schedule delegate said. Reuter 