Canada's airline industry shaken recent merger creates powerful competitor government-owned Air Canada begin serious drive profitability 50 industry analyst said. "Now we've company compete Air Canada" Thomas Bradley Richardson Greenshields Canada Ltd. "Clearly head-to-head market." The airline arose 300-mln-Canadian-dlr takeover Canadian Pacific Air Lines Ltd cash-rich Pacific Western Airlines Corp launch week Canadian Airlines International Ltd. Canadian Airlines 35-40 pct 6-billion-Canadian-dlr domestic market Air Canada's 50-55 pct. Wardair International Ltd third nine pct. Analysts believe Pacific Western's aggressive cost-conscious chairman Rhys Eyton develop true potential former CP Air flounder decade inside bureaucracy conglomerate Canadian Pacific Ltd. They CP Air's management style Air Canada form 50 ago neither airline held accountable owners. "Not ago maybe six month ago airline totally fiscally irresponsible. Neither concerned bottom line" Bradley. "But CP Air run Eyton conscious profitability shareholder return. And Air Canada verge way" said. CP Air fight market share profit "a perennial money-loser" analyst Wilfred Hahn Bache Securities Inc recent report. Prior takeover December accumulate long-term debt 600 mln Canadian dlrs. From 1981 1985 loss total 87 mln Canadian dlrs. Air Canada widely expect privatize share offering lose 14.8 mln Canadian dlrs revenue 2.72 billion dlrs 1985. It debt 2 billion dlrs. Although minority likely sell prospect privatization increase competition force Air Canada pay attention finance analyst said. It recently disclose expect report profit "in excess 35 mln 40 mln dlrs" 1986. However profit recovery due management skill Canadian airline 1986 analyst said. Tourists Canada record number attract relatively weak Canadian dollar Expo 86 Vancouver alone 22 mln visitors. For analyst three-six pct air traffic growth expect profit cost-cutting careful spending. Peter Friend Walywn Stodgell Cochran Murray Ltd institutional buyer eager add Air Canada portfolio blue-chip investment warn competition make profit growth certain. "The airline lose Air Canada. At fix theirs nobody else's" Friend said. Many analyst recommend investor buy hold airline share year. Analysts Air Canada's immediate concern ahead stock offering unload unprofitable air route set political storm. It face expensive necessary update age fleet 111 aircraft. Wardair prefer strong medicine instead already embark one-billion-Canadian-dlr purchase dozen aircraft Europe's Airbus Industrie. Canadian Airlines 81 aircraft week order six commuter plane British Aerospace soon buy six wide-bodied aircraft Airbus Boeing Co. Analysts Canadian Airlines newer fleet need few replacement afford hurt profits. Steven Garmaise Wood Gundy Inc expect Canadian Airlines' profit 1988 double year's 29.8 mln Canadian dlrs Pacific Western. Reuter 