Some United States' large aerospace firm compete world's powerful nation chance cash come commercialization space. The new space race contract launch privately own satellite orbit - expect worth billion five billion dlrs annually years. The grow opportunity money space highlight month U.S. National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration seek lucrative commercial bid lauch future weather satellite end long-standing dependence National Aeronautics Space Administration. Companies country establish satellite launch operation jump eventually provide space-based service particularly propose international man space station launch plan 1990s. The 12 billion dlr space station propose President Reagan 1984 require 16 cargo delivery deliver private firms. The partner space station currently slat Canada Japan 13-nation European Space Agency latter develop commercial space programs. Until Challenger explosion January 1986 NASA virtual lock world's commercial space cargo. But re-evaluation shuttle President Reagan declare August future U.S. shuttle flight longer carry commercial payloads. The administration's decision left Arianespace French-led European consortium option available satellite owner concern quickly sell plan flight 1989. The company raise price 30000 dlrs launch 50000 dlrs large price tag dampen demand. Arianespace sighned 18 contract compare 11 1985. Those tariff cause non-capitalist country try piece action. China Soviet Union Japan announce satellite launch program U.S. firm include McDonnell Douglas Corp General Dynamics Corp Martin Marietta promise spend mlns dollar develop satellite launch capabilities. There tremendous pent-up demand satellite launch analyst said. Without Challenger satellite launch 15 few 1985 low 1980 sent up. Ariane expect launch six eight satellite 75 pct world's satellite launch period. McDonnell Douglas score big coup U.S. firm January won 734 mln dlr U.S. Air Force pact 20 unmanned rocket launch military satellites. The contract expect underwrite company's effort build rocket private satellite launches. Martin Marietta U.S. company sign client Federal Express Co. Marietta plan launch ExpressStar communication satellite 1989. Marietta build version Titan rocket Air Force private company satellite launch buisiness. Arianespace director Charles Bigot U.S. company probably European firm's big competitor satellite launching. He expect space program commercially viable late 1990s. Japan expand space launch 38 government-owned satellite 16 years. But February launch satellite circle earth poles. Japan yet design build rockets. The satellite launch February place orbit McDonnell Douglas-designed Delta rocket assemble Japanese license. Tsugo Tadakawa director Washington office Japan's National Space Development Agency (NASDA) Japan plan launch seven H-1 rocket American Japanese hybrid replaces Delta 1991. Its large sucessor H-II ready 1992 said. NASDA's annual budget 800 mln dlrs Tadakawa 10 pct size NASA's yearly spending. Still NASDA free private competition full support government aerospace chosen Ministry Trade Information country's industry decade. Surprisingly People's Republic China relative newcomer aerospace successful competitor Ariane. The country's Great Wall Industry Corp besides European consortium win private satellite contract. It launch Westar communication satellite New-York base Terasat 1988. Reuter 