Soviet winter grain faulty start spring endure usually dry fall cold winter weather crop analyst said. Prospects near-record grain harvest Soviet Union appear dim premature forecast major crop problem analyst said. But situation bear careful watch six week ultimately impact Soviet grain supply future buying plan analyst Soviet Union said. "From weather standpoint certainty Soviets get start low crop (than year)" Gail Martell chief meteorologist E.F. Hutton said. The six week USSR's grain grow area crucial period determine final outcome winter crop Martell analyst said. "Where crop really broken ahead us" Agriculture Department authority USSR said. The Soviet Union recently report nine mln hectare winter grain reseed due winterkill. This equal 25 pct total winter crop high winterkill ten USDA analyst said. With timely spring Soviet farmer probably able reseed damage acreage spring crop analyst note spring crop normally yield low winter crop -- sometimes 30-35 pct lower. Normally winterkill cause inadequate snowcover combine cold temperatures. This winter snowcover Soviet grain area generally excellent bulk winterkill analyst speculate likely due dry fall subsequent poor crop germination. "Fall dryness problem. There's correlation mediocre crop fall dryness" Martell said. Precipitation fall little 25 pct normal southern northern Ukraine below normal entire winter crop said. Recent cold temperature grain area snowcover gradually melt cause problem ice-crusting winterkill Jim Candor senior forecaster Accu Weather said. Livestock feed need probably increase fall winter analyst said. The dry fall damage pasture cold winter raise feed demand late spring require longer off-pasture feed said. "The Soviets desperate situation ... don't buy (grains) now" USDA official said. But Soviets worried winter crop feel year's huge crop 210 mln tonne one-time fluke brought perfect condition Soviet buying occur insure crop supply said. Bad weather six week push Soviets market weather analyst said. "A lot winterkill occur month half" Martell said. Reuter 