Many London equity dealer doubt whether publicise flood Japanese investment U.K. Equity market analyst forecast. There recently speculation Japanese look towards U.K. Stock market investment opportunity large scale fiscal begin month. Last October's reorganisation stock market know 'Big Bang' pave great participation overseas investors. Some analyst believe Japanese earmark massive sum investment Europe. Both London Tokyo market move ahead strongly start year. But London lag behind real term therefore begin look give return fund reserve equity investment. Sterling's firmness mean profit currency turn. However equity dealer poll Reuters Japanese shy London continue invest instrument U.S. Government securities. Even diversify stamp ground U.S. Equity market European stock market dealer predicted. "The Japanese aggressive market tend conservative don't...Even London tend fix gilt edge market volatile equities" added. He cite forthcoming U.K. General election factor keep Far Eastern money London stock market. "The Japanese uncertainty election creates keep sidelines" trader said. There doubt whether Japanese track record U.K. Companies strong willing invest heavily. "Our industrial manufacturing output look look pretty uninspiring Japanese" broker said. Some market participant little bullish expect massive amount Far Eastern fund London short term. They capital gain U.S. Bonds market Japanese traditionally heavy player erode fall U.S. Dollar prompt move fund U.S. But mildly bullish concede Japanese investor London exchange certainly confine themselves longer term investment 10 15 lead 'blue chip' issue include industrial giant ICI Hanson Trust British Petroleum Glaxo Unilever. One analyst believe investment blue chip issue recently privatise company British Gas British Telecom left cold. He election come overseas investor worried Labour victory bring policy re-nationalisation companies. The Labour party past this. Some recent rise U.K. Equities anticipate increase Japanese buying near future. Reuter 