The World Bank throe painful reorganization face strain action Citibank aside Latin debt reserve financial analyst monetary source said. The monetary source reorganization cause bad feeling charge promotion personnel action base personality ability. It effect undermine Bank's role global debt strategy source said. At center controversy Bank President Barber Conable whose reorganization effort get critical review Bank staff member- country include United States. "I differently" source. Conable former congressman New York appoint President Reagan senior position Bank nearly ago take view Bank badly need reorganize streamlined. In backing Reagan administration view Bank bloat inefficient bureaucracy give money country free-market source assistance available. However Bank single great role U.S. debt initiative propose Treasury Secretary James Baker. That strategy call 20 billion dlrs funding commerical bank nine billion dlrs spending development bank mostly World Bank profound doubt decision Citibank Chase Manhattan aside reserves. This move herald source measure give party frighten begin tit tat exercise lead complete unravel monetary system. As envision latter move Brazil delayed payment debt intend pay period time. Citibank bank decide stop financing country's export credit fund country support daily activity lead economic breakdown. "Within six week alot country business" source. Citibank's initial step month billion dlrs reserve potential loss loan develop countries. It follow similar move Chase Manhattan day later. In world cooperation demonstrate International Monetary Fund (IMF) multilateral development bank wealthy country commercial bank debt crisis surface 1982 emerge expect that. If anything negotiation confrontational debtor country press concession argue grow political instability pay more. They critical IMF's austerity measure sympathy view development community. "When hear code word structural adjustment tighten belt. What mean poor peasent make 700 dlrs drop 500 dlrs" say source. He adds: "And hear market force play mean level service drop." It hop give World Bank great role debt strategy defuse grow resistance debtor country measure increase already prevalent poverty further. The Bank primarily assist country building road sewerage system education so-called infrastructure view Third World benefactor. The IMF essentially forge debt stategy follow disclosure Mexico 1982 near default consider stern taskmaster little sympathy understand poverty. But doubt Baker initiative work World Bank's success bring increase growth Third World U.S. prescription indicate country grow difficulty. Reuter 