The Bank Spain relax exchange control Spanish bank equal footing European Community competitor 1993 deadline end restriction central bank spokesman said. "The measure effect June design lift restriction foreign currency operation line deregulation banking industry" telephone interview. The spokesman relaxation exchange control highlight broader package reform announce Friday. The central bank statement measure include increase provision high-risk borrower provision future pension fund obligations. It measure late step deregulate Spain's financial sector move trigger entry Community year. Spain five complete bank deregulation process 1978 government allow foreign bank branches. Since 39 foreign bank market control 15 pct system's lending assets. Residents Spain borrow freely foreign currency equivalent 1.5 billion peseta previous ceiling 750 mln pesetas. The 750 mln peseta limit March. Between date 430 mln dlrs flow country foreign currency loans. The central bank spokesman operation 1.5 billion peseta technically subject authorisation clearance government fail act 15 days. Spanish bank allow expand foreign currency funding formerly obtainable deposit issue certificate deposit bond commercial paper. They employ fund invest foreign issue convert deposits. Foreign exchange operation mixed currency instead have borrow lend currency. The central bank lift restriction amount foreign exchange loan previously limited time bank's capital equity. The late deregulation measure welcome banker contrast ruling issue earlier month impose 19 pct reserve requirement convertible peseta fund held bank freed short term deposit rates. The reserve requirement already normal peseta deposit intend curb short-term foreign speculative capital enter country threaten government's money supply growth target. A foreign banker reserve requirement account 30 pct deposit place Spanish bank disadvantage European competitors. The government reduce fix asset investment requirement 11 pct 23 pct offset negative impact rate deregulation. "The real free rates" banker said. "This bite profits." The ruling lift six pct ceiling rate paid deposit 180 days. The chairman Spain's lead bank measure expect bring 20 pct drop profit year. REUTER 