Dome Petroleum Ltd's revise debt restructuring plan keep company alive improves appeal takeover target full debt repayment depends sharp oil price rise oil banking analyst said. Dome's complex proposal creditor link debt oil-indexed debenture convert equity "very cut dry point" Peters Co Ltd Calgary-based energy analyst Wilf Gobert said. Dome "is say This is. There isn't money pay back'" added. The plan "strikes pragmatic do" First Marathon Securities Ltd oil analyst Jim Doak commented. He plan seek formally tie payment creditor price oil governs Dome's cash flow ability service debt. Dome expect total debt reach 6.4 billion Canadian dlrs June 30 1987 interim debt reschedule plan expires Dome hope implement term plan. Gobert plan rank secure unsecured creditor complex series repayment category "an agree peck (creditors) claim asset is." Potential suitor Dome easy swallow debt restructuring plan proposes resolve compete claim asset pledge secure creditor remain unpledged asset Gobert said. "Certainly restructuring plan it's agree easy someone look do deal (acquiring company)" Gobert remarked. "It's lot easy you'll settle peck question" added. Gobert believe debt plan partly motivate desire sell Dome Petroleum whole. "If creditor want liquidate bank loan orderly fashion sale company oppose dismemberment" said. Dome's proposal include reschedule secure debt payment 15 20 schedule link payment cash flow generate asset pledge loan establish rate allow change oil prices. Creditors' real alternative Dome's plan "an asset grab liquidate company distress price bank spend 20 court decide asset" First Marathon's Doak said. For Dome's creditor plan offer quick method recover loan extends payment hope oil price rise increase amount company's debt payment Merrill Lynch Canada Inc bank analyst Terry Shaunessy said. The plan "is solution. It say let's keep finger cross oil go up." Doak Shaunessy estimate oil price rise 28 30 U.S. dlrs barrel fully service company's debt. Analysts plan ensure company continue operate provide little benefit common shareholders. "From common shareholder standpoint sort keep support isn't equity unless increase oil prices" Gobert remarked. Analysts Dome's common share trading 1.12 dlrs cent Toronto Stock Exchange essentially represent term warrant pegged oil prices. "You look extremely price oil context historical trend there's residual value common shareholders" analyst Doak said. While Dome's plan lender able convert debt common share amount dilution depends share conversion price negotiate lender choose convert company said. Reuter 