Swiss lawyer largely head attempt restrict banking secrecy curb power act client despite revise code banking conduct agree Bankers' Association week analyst said. The "laundering" drug "insider dealing" money controversy account oust Philippine Haitian Presidents hurt stand Swiss bank recently strain international relation particularly United States. Critics code fell short demand reform do little close key loophole requirement bank identity customers. The Social Democratic party member ruling four-party coalition force unsuccesful 1984 referendum curb banking secrecy complain code fell short legal control wanted. "It look slight improvement paper trick practice" Felix Meier senior party official told Reuters. In contrast Swiss lawyer happy code. "Apart nuance pleased agreement" Max Oesch senior official Swiss Lawyers Federation fought campaign prevent curb lawyers' ability act clients. "It show 4000 Swiss lawyer job punish sake get black sheep." The role lawyer centre run discussion renewal so-called "convention diligence" voluntary code banking conduct introduce response major banking scandal 1977. With secrecy eye due Ferdinand Marcos Swiss bank link recently bust "Pizza Connection" international heroin ring official Banking Commission earlier want tighten rule anonymity. However change code come operation October minor. Clients able keep identity secret bank provide lawyer pledge relationship client "is temporary nature" involves provision legal services. The Lawyers' Association minimal anyway. In majority case perfectly legal private commercial reason want bank identity Oesch said. The Banking Commission despite earlier demand virtual abolition loophole happy code. However critic complain agreement restrict role lawyer circumvent criminals. "No society allow regulate banks" complain Meier Social Democrats. "I hope Banking Commission exercise proper control function." However part agreement won praise. In particular bank require demand identity anyone do 100000 Swiss franc worth account bank. Until threshold 500000 francs. Peter Kluser National Bank's legal department argue low limit move combat bank "launder" hide criminal origin money. The code clarifies legal status tribunal able impose heavy fine bank respect code. REUTER 