After week left presidency shaken popularity low Ronald Reagan chief staff begin try revive administration tattered Iran-contra arm scandal. Reagan former Senate Republican leader Howard Baker whose appointment White House chief staff won bipartisan praise begin mapping strategy deal scathing criticism report fail bid trade U.S. arm Iran free Ameican hostage Lebanon. Among chore face Reagan's inner circle assess damage 300-page Tower commission report nomination Robert Gates succeed William Casey Central Intelligence Agency. White House official check support Gates 43-year career spy agency bureaucrat nomination submit full Senate vote Senate Republican leader Robert Dole said. Appearing NBC News "Meet Press" Kansas senator Gates nomination "could difficulty." Aides Gates' future priority Baker. Even deeply implicate arm sale scandal lawmaker Senate confirmation Gates nomination assure won month congressional probe affair. "He smell Iran him" former Nevada Sen. Reagan confidant Paul Laxalt. "He victim." Laxalt appear ABC News "This Week With David Brinkley" bluntly admit "the Gates nomination trouble." Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn odds slightly confirmation Gates. When syndicate television "John McLaughlin: One One" Gates confirm Georgia Democrat shot back: "I wouldn't bet money it. "I report hurt that" Nunn said. "It indicates National Security Council policy-type influence intelligence-type activity we're Mr. Gates. Only issue week Tower report prompt abrupt exit Donald Regan White House chief staff. Regan former Wall Street executive Treasury secretary president's top aide past assign lion's share blame botch handle Iran arm sale. The report blame Regan "chaos descend White House" reveal November profit Iran arm sale divert contra rebel fight leftist Nicaraguan government. The victim scandal former National Security Adviser Vice Adm. John Poindexter resign Marine Lt. Col. Oliver North fire disclose November 23 profit Iran arm sale divert contras. The picture Tower commission key operator Iran arm deal refuse testify. Reagan freely admits dislike detail portrayed Tower report befuddle chief executive whose inattention aide run foreign policy. That perception wreck Reagan's popularity threaten condemn lame duck status leaf office January 1989. A recent Newsweek magazine poll found 40 pct Americans approve Reagan's leadership record low third believe consider resignation. After meeting aide weekend pore meaty report commission head former Texas Sen. John Tower Reagan prepare nationwide television address week respond criticism presidency. Reuter 