Borg-Warner BOR> Corp face unwanted offer GAF Corp GAF> agree 4.23 billion dlr buyout offer company form Merrill Lynch Capital Partners Inc>. Borg-Warner Merrill yesterday enter definitive merger agreement subsidiary company AV Holdings Corp> begin 48.50 dlr share cash tender offer 77.6 mln share 89 pct Borg-Warner common stock. The offer follow merger remain share convert 19.75 dlrs cash 54.25 dlrs principal amount AV Holdings junior subordinate discount debentures. As result merger Borg-Warner wholly own subsidiary AV Holdings. A Borg-Warner spokeswoman management plan participate transaction retain position company. A spokesman GAF unavailable comment. GAF hold 19.9 pct Borg-Warner's shares. GAF offer 46 dlrs share. Borg-Warner's spokeswoman company plan sell financial service unit include Wells Fargo security guard Chilton Corp credit rating service. Borg-Warner focus takeover speculation year. Corporate raider Irwin Jacobs propose takeover firm recently held 10 pct stock. Following GAF offer analyst calculate breakup value company low 50 dlrs share range speculate offer sweetened. In statement Borg-Warner board endorse Merrill offer recommend shareholder tender shares. The board receive opinion offer advisor First Boston Corp Goldman Sachs Co. James Burke president Merrill Lynch Capital Partners "We pleased enter transaction Borg-Warner. We look forward work employee Borg-Warner Borg-Warner maintain strong presence Chicago community." Merrill Lynch dealer-manager offer expires midnight EDT May 8 (0400 GMT May 9) subject condition include completion necessary financing arrangements. The offer subject minimum 44.25 mln share 51 pct outstanding share tendered. Merrill Lynch affiliate commit provide 200 mln dlrs AV Holdings equity 870 mln subordinate financing forward underwriting commitments. Merrill Lynch follow discussion commercial bank confident obtain rest financing require complete transaction. The junior subordinate discount debenture issue merger carry 13 pct coupon begin pay cash five years. The debenture redeemable company's option six 105 pct seventh 102.5 pct 100 pct principal amount. The junior subordinate discount debenture maturity 20 entitle sinking fund commence 16th design retire 60 pct issue maturity. Borg-Warner redeem outstanding 4.50 dlrs cumulative prefer stock series A 100 dlrs share. Holders wish participate offer convert prefer stock Borg-Warner common stock. The board Borg-Warner take step redeem poison pill share purchase right five cent effective immediately. REUTER 