A report U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) conclude index trading blame two-day stock market drop occur Sept. 11-12 1986 The report conclude index trading magnify cause fall's two-day 120-point drop Dow Jones Industrial Index. The commission staff plan continue closely monitor development index-related trading plan immediate regulatory action result precipitous stock market decline. "The magnitude September decline result change investors' perception fundamental economic condition artifical force arise index-related trading strategies" report said. "Nevertheless index-related future trading instrumental rapid transmission change investor perception individual stock price condense period decline occurred." The SEC staff conclude study "does provide independent basis conclude radical regulatory structural change necessary time." The report "the dramatic growth size institutional index product require continued careful analysis potential disruption stock market manipulative inappropriate trading index product component stocks." It "may merit" require additional reporting record keep procedure index-related trading. But add SEC staff yet consider cost benefit various alternatives. The report deal precipitous dip market occur Jan. 23. On Dow Jones Industrial Average drop 115 point little hour. The SEC staff analyze underlie cause price decline yet findings. The SEC study investor news report analyst blame Sept. 11-12 drop so-called "program trading" computer rapidly execute complex trading strategy design profit minute change relationship price stock index future stock index. The investor analyst complain rapid movement stock market drive investor market lead stock market crash. But SEC report possibility market collapse "remote." It believe rapid stock price decline "likely" eventually reverse renew buying price reach low levels. It argue index future option trader hedge market position lessen risk exposure. "While 'cascade effect' result index-related trading ocur Sept. 11 12" report concluded. Reuter 