The possibility major earthquake strike Tokyo cause corporate financial ruin haunt bad nightmare insurer banker poll Reuters. The Japanese capital shaken hundred tremor week's biq quake western Japan measure 6.9 open-ended Richter scale timely reminder time. Another Tuesday register preliminary 6.5 scale struck Sea Japan coast northwest Tokyo. A widely accepted theory late seismologist Kawasumi Hiroshi major quake occur cycle average 69 years. Tokyo laid flat 1923 tremor reading 7.8 raise spectre five years. Seismic expert Shizuoka area near Tokyo consider quake-prone expect major earthquake years. Added fear developed nation suffer major quake far-reaching change decade bound global economy complex fragile interdependent financial network. "We reach dangerous time. Insurance company start worry cover losses" Hatsuho Narita manager British Insurance Group. "It's theme worried lot people. It's difficult figure impact market considerable" Brian Waterhouse banking expert brokerage James Capel Tokyo told Reuters. What happen? Consider Tokyo six surround prefecture account 40 pct Japanese gross product six pct GNP. Some economist believe immediate aftermath Tokyo quake yen rise sterling amount reinsurance fall due London. But plunge currencies. This worsen dramatic loss value land asset Tokyo area. Banks left hold hundred billion dollar worthless mortgage loans. Bankers estimate 50 70 pct city regional banks' loan exposure small likely lose quake. Up nine pct exposure housing consumer loan said. Many small bank large one wall banker poll Reuters said. The government aware insurance claim huge payout ceiling 10 mln yen private house. In Tokyo 100 mln yen buy modest residence. In addition insurance industry form Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Co cover housing total 10 billion dlrs 80 pct government-guaranteed. However insurer industrial sector government backing dangerous risk. Japanese insurer find increasingly difficult reinsurance abroad. "Overseas firm alert earthquake insurance risks" Tahashi Kumakiri Foreign Department Japan Non-life Insurance Association. Due limited insurance capacity Finance Ministry recommends coverage limit 15 30 pct Japanese firms' total insurable value. Even insurer believe local firm reinsure 80 pct quake cover overseas Lloyds London. Some reinsurance reinsure compound risk money suddenly call in. Foreign entity Japan allow 100 pct quake cover foreign insurer limit 60 pct. Industrial cover confidential official figure show fiscal 1985/86 end March 31 Japan half billion dlrs overseas reinsurance fire cover quake-related. Bankers destruction underlie asset repatriation huge amount Japanese overseas investment seriously affect overseas stock bond markets. Japanese institution buy net 10 billion dlrs foreign bond month U.S. Treasuries purchasing U.S. And European stocks. The value foreign holding Japanese security nosedive. Japan huge amount money period rebuild block develop nation creditor exist capital resource banker said. Loss central computer mean billion lose transaction banker noted. Oil trader crude price plummet import fell half mln barrel now. REUTER 