Three Japanese credit rating agency enter fierce competition Moody's Japan K.K.> Standard Poor's Asia Inc> local branch U.S. Giants Japanese credit market open foreigner Japanese rating agency manager said. Standard Poor's recent triple-A rating Chiyoda Fire Marine Insurance Co Ltd's> claims-paying ability cause Japanese agency rat Chiyoda's convertible bond A-plus criticism conservative said. Chiyoda Japan's eighth large non-life insurer. Standard Poor's Corp century Moody's Investors Service Inc> found 80 ago. Each rat 20000 30000 U.S. And 100 Japanese issues. With Japanese insurer eager issue bond overseas financing company Chiyoda's rating stimulate use U.S. Agencies analyst said. Standard Poor's Chiyoda's rating base strong capitalisation stable performance level unrealised appreciation particularly stock portfolio. The U.S. Agency emphasise favourable regulatory environment Japan's non-life insurer operate. Japanese agency shock earlier AAA rating claims-paying ability Sumitomo Life Insurance Co> Dai-Ichi Mutual Life Insurance Co> Standard Poor's rating Japanese insurers. Strong Japanese insurer accumulate cash ward shock foreign investment Standard Poor's said. A month ago Nippon Investors Service Inc> (NIS) assign AAA rating Financial Securities Assurance Inc> U.S. Firm give financial guarantee corporate securities. "NIS assign rate U.S. Firm Japan step U.S. Rating market" Kazuya Kumura manager NIS said. Kyosuke Yoshida manage director Japan Bond Research Institute (JBRI) "Agencies actively respond grow overseas investor interest." Takeshi Watanabe president Japan Credit Rating Agency Ltd (JCRA) "(Our) advantage deeper understand practice Japan Asian nation Japanese investor behaviour alert quick react domestic news." JBRI 12 years' experience Japan's large agency. The years. Finance Ministry approval yen commercial paper issue Japanese resident expect soon stimulate local agency grow quickly security analyst said. The Finance Ministry encourage agency gradually abolish limit corporate debt creation. In December allow non-residents hold A-rating agency issue samurai shogun euroyen bond meeting normal stringent financial criteria. But local company regardless rating obtain plan bond meet tough financial criterion commission bank underwriter include minimum net asset requirement capitalisation local agency manager said. Commissioned bank responsible protect bondholder conduct principal coupon payments. Investors' risk corporate default checked slow smooth growth Japanese credit rating agency manager said. "The idea rating Japan woven prerequisite issuer company satisfy financial criteria" JCRA's Watanabe said. The Finance Ministry commission bank security house agree January low eligibility ceiling company want issue non-collateral straight bonds. "An internationally comprehensive market need lure overseas investor Japanese market" JBRI's Yoshida said. REUTER 