Allis-Chalmers Corp lender group approve restructuring plan cause dilution company's exist common stock. The company sell business American Air Filter financing 100 mln dlrs pay currently outstanding debt proceeds. Under plan present institutional lender company's union Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp "substantial amounts" institutional debt convert common stock restructure company. Allis-Chalmers exchange exist prefer stock common. The exchange institutional debt prefer stock common equity cause "resulting dilution exist common stock" Allis-Chalmers statement. Under plan holder exist common hold 15 pct restructure common stock. Holders exist prefer hold 35 pct common. Allis-Chalmers alternative plan bankruptcy. The restructuring approve creditor common prefer holdersand former employees. Allis-Chalmers bankruptcy filing "appears represent company's alternative agreement term plan cannot reached." The spokesman response inquiry aware extraordinary charge earnings result restructuring. "It talk charge" plan approve lender union said. Also plan payment Allis-Chalmers' private lender deferred. Trade payable obligation incur ordinary course met. Payment health benefit active retire employee "at substantially reduce levels." Allis-Chalmers lead farm equipment company sell farm equipment operation Deutz West Germany 107 mln dlrs leave company business lift truck air conditioning fluid handle solid material processing. Last Allis-Chalmers sell lift truck AC Material Handling Co Columbus Ohio. Under restructuring plan Allis-Chalmers sell solid material processing fluid handle businesses. Solid material processing make equipment crush stone highway construction account 288 mln dlrs Allis-Chalmers's total 1985 revenue 886 mln dlrs. The company sell fluid handle operation make pump valves. That account 196 mln dlrs company's 1985 revenues. Allis-Chalmers 1986 report net loss 8.6 mln dlrs 1.09 dlrs share. In 1985 company lose 168.4 mln dlrs 12.27 dlrs share. The company's profit 1980 earn 52.4 mln dlrs sale 2.1 billion dlrs. Reuter 