New Zealand's ruling Labour Party government complete three-year economic reform threw thousand yet popularity risen September deadline election draw closer recent poll shows. An Eyewitness/Heylen Poll conduct Television New Zealand's Eyewitness news broadcast April 2 show Labour support 50 pct voter compare opposition National Party's 46 pct. The figure reverse poll month earlier. The poll show 40 pct canvass voter economy improve 12 point month's result. The increase week government seven department nine profit-oriented corporation run businessmen promptly sack 4000 employee include half country's 1700 coal miners. The late survey confound proclaim Labour's day numbered perceive insensitivity traditional backer worker political analyst said. The poll indicates swing behind party argument Finance Minister Roger Douglas preside deregulation economy construction base market force subsidy currency control analyst said. The economic reform party increasingly regard New Zealand akin West European-style Social Democrats work class socialist rattle National Party regret innovative decade rule Prime Minister Robert Muldoon oust 1983 analyst said. The National Party far shaken analyst Press Christchurch daily April 2 party "on verge fly apart" prospect coup attempt leader Jim Bolger Muldoon. Bolger article April Fool's joke. Labour's reform brought unexpectedly strong tax revenue low budget deficit borrowing improvement balance payment reduction foreign debt improve productivity economist said. Inflation peak 19.5 pct quarter end March 31 fall eight pct said. Labour's reform hit sector dramatic "corporatisation" seven government department April 1 critic argue stage step towards sale asset analyst said. The move stop short privatisation retain ownership corporation expect financially self-supporting pay dividends. Arguments already broken money. One utility Electricorp asset worth 3.8 billion dlrs yet Treasury want 8.5 billion them. No agreement reach value asset former forest service analyst added. Chairman Alan Gibbs speech forest service lose 100 mln dlrs annually yet due economy employ 30 pct previous workforce corporation pay dividend 20 mln dlrs year. Uncertainties arisen government shareholder retain corporation undertake project full cost met analyst said. Deputy prime minister Geoffrey Palmer manager held accountable performance government pay project undertaken environmental reasons. This policy already cause problem analyst added. For example Electricorp refuse spend hundred million dlrs build hydro project Luggate far Clutha river Clyde dam construction Central Otago. Prime Minister David Lange week Labour MPs decide Luggate built government honour promises. "But matter importance job lose economic distortion save have promise honour last" added. REUTER 