U.S. bank pressure meet vigorous competition Congress continue duck hard choice banking law reform benefit consumers. Supporters deregulate banking increase competition offer consumer choice bring low fee financial service mortgage rates. But Senate Banking Committee week decision press issue whether bank enter business underwriting corporate debt sell insurance real estate. The committee rein banks' competitor so-called nonbank bank elude technical definition bank accept deposit loans. The committee meeting become battleground giant financial industry -- bank brokerage insurance firm retail industrial corporation -- little consideration consumer. The lobby back various amendment protect turf bill rescue federal deposit insurance fund thrift institution put moratorium change banking law pass sent full Senate. The House Representatives yet act. Behind political deal large question whether Congress modify half-century-old separation commercial investment banking leave alone. One argument support change fee financial service Congress expands banks' powers. Lower fee underwrite mortgage-backed security example lead low rate mortgage supporter say. "A lot nonbanking firm loophole banking bank allow businesses" say Robert Litan Brookings Institution. "We see gigantic turf war" say Litan favor power bank deposit safeguarded. The swirl corporate merger financial information explosion blur distinction activity bank security brokerages. On wider horizon U.S. financial institution stepped-up competition financial center London Tokyo international transactions. West German Japanese banking concentrate bank European country allow banking security mixed. All force pressure U.S. financial firm adapt change congressional debate reform drag on. The committee's bill freeze change chairman Senator William Proxmire promise return issue October. If approve Congress bill postpone application Federal Reserve power large bank -- Citicorp J.P. Morgan Bankers Trust. Other industry regulatory barrier fall experienced low fee emergence player accelerate innovation. But advance airline trucking telecommunication drawbacks. Companies slow adapt disappear competitive regime face bewildering choices. The Reagan administration favor bank reform. The traditional method company raise fund -- borrowing bank -- sell corporate debt security limit banks. But critic soundness banking create law 1933 Glass-Steagall Act undermined. Banks treat special shield marketplace's vagary Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. The Federal Savings Loan Insurance Corp (FSLIC) performs function thrifts. The issue committee act benefit consumer funding federal insurance fund deposit saving loan association fall low ratio reserve deposit history. Despite effort change Congress ban interstate banking remains. The barrier crumble anyway legislature agree permit bank merger across line region. Congress proceed cautiously have banking industry's tribulation 1930's. But move cautiously bank keep pace happen world. Reuter 