South Korea decide major change trade investment finance policy aim reduce growth balance payment surplus avoid trade United States Deputy Prime Minister Kim Mahn-je said. Kim told reporter excessively fast rise export South Korea reliant export increase nflation produce trade friction. The policy shift mean abandon Seoul's goal rapidly reduce foreign debt work series ministerial meetings. Kim Economic Planning Minister current account surplus previously expect exceed eight billion dlrs held five billion dlrs increase import accelerate market liberalisation rationalise exports. He Seoul try limit current account surplus five billion dlrs trade volume continue grow. "This gradually reduce ratio surplus GNP (gross product) current five pct level pct 1991" added. Koo Bon-yong aide Kim South Korea's foreign debt expect fall below 40 billion dlrs 1987 initial forecast 41.8 billion 44.5 billion dlrs end-1986. "But (with policy changes) debt expect remain above 40 billion dlrs low originally project 41.8 billion dlrs" said. The policy change announce day schedule arrival U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige talk Trade Minister Rha Woong-bae. South Korea U.S. Pressure reduce bilateral trade surplus rise 7.4 billion dlrs 4.3 billion dlrs 1985. Kim policy change prompt swing South Korea's current account surplus 2.06 billion dlrs quarter 1987 deficit 438 mln dlrs 1986 period. First quarter 1987 export rise 36 pct 9.4 billion dlrs. The government foreign currency loan worth 2.5 billion dlrs firm willing import capital good raw material equipment preferably U.S. He said. "The foreign currency-based loan carry 1.5 point above LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) considerable incentive increase imports" Koo said. Koo loan repayable foreign currency. "It mean interest-free loan Korean currency continue rise value" said. He South Korean won revalue dollar gradually add "We believe rapid one-shot change value won." The won fix 839.70 dollar risen six pct dollar begin 1986. REUTER 