American Express Co board approve offering 18 pct wholly own Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc brokerage unit. American Express approve previously announce plan sell 13 pct 13 mln convertible prefer unit Nippon Life insurance co 538 mln dlrs. The prefer share convertible common share follow Hart-Scott-Rodino FDIC approvals. American Express maintain 60 pct 60 mln 100 mln share Shearson outstanding. American Express agree Nippon American Express hold minimum 40 pct Shearson January 1999. American Express 7.5 mln Shearson share held employee Shearson mln Shearson stock ownership plan formed. American Express anticipates registration statement offering file Securities Exchange Commission shortly. American Express declare two-for-one stock split raise quarterly dividend 38 ct share 36 ct pre-split basis. Both dividend payable May 8 shareholder record April 3. There currently 215 mln American Express share outstanding. The transaction Nippon Life remains subject approval Japanese ministry finance expect April. American Express agreement reach Shearson Nippon Life provide joint venture London. The venture focus investment advisory asset management market research consult financing. It expect relationship extend select project involve American Express Shearson Lehman Nippon Life key financial center Asia region future personnel exchanges. Under agreement Nippon receive 13 mln cumulative prefer share five pct dividend rate. The cumulative prefer stock convertible voting power equal common share follow U.S. government approvals. American Express assume conversion prefer stock held Nippon 100 mln share Shearson Lehman common stock outstanding. For offering underwriter overallotment option purchase 1.8 mln shares. American Express grant Nippon Life five-year warrant purchase mln American Express common share 100 dlrs share. There currently 215 mln American Express share outstanding. Nippon Life entitle nominate director Shearson board representative serve adviser American Express board directors. "These propose transaction yet signal american express intend stay forefront financial service industry worldwide" American Express Chairman James D. Robinson. "The implementation plan moreover enable maintain majority shearson enhance strength balance sheet tap additional capital resource shearson outside american express." Reuter... 