International Business Machines Corp IBM> widely expect deeply affect personal computer industry week announces await generation desktop machines. The computer expect call Personal System 2 sure veer industrywide standard personal computer establish IBM six ago. The result id computer harder copy likely software attachment design exist standards. Some market researcher already predict slow growth customer adjust change. A proprietary IBM pc cause pc market's growth flat negative 1988 vendor user delay purchase gauge importance machine'' John McCarthy consultant Forrester Research Inc. IBM traditionally close-mouthed unannounced product intense machine detail leak consultant dealer trade press rife information factual supposed. The computer expect announce April 2 reportedly include low low cost computer model resemble IBM's current high-end AT importantly computer incorporate Intel Corp's INTC> 80386 microprocessor powerhouse chip revolutionize personal computer. The microprocessor brain computer Intel microprocessor one IBM IBM-compatible personal computer large segment desktop market. The 80386 commonly call 386 process computer instruction twice fast chip exist IBM computer 386-based desktop computer powerful large minicomputer ago. Although IBM company introduce 386 personal computer - Compaq Corp CPQ> - industry consultant believe customer rush embrace generation world's large computer company do. What IBM apparently introduce computer temporarily copy-proof. That situation exists IBM's current personal computer clone widely. With Personal System IBM reportedly build feature directly computers' motherboards include graphic capability non-standard bus add-on equipment version operating IBM compatible computers. The word (Silicon) Valley mln dlrs 18 month machine copied'' Michael Murphy publisher newsletter California Technology Stock Letter. At Personal System unveiled Microsoft Corp MSFT> expect unveil version MS/DOS operating DOS 3.3 correct program problem encounter earlier version software. MS/DOS IBM personal computers. Consultants exist IBM-compatible software run computer software write specifically Personal System run old models. The industry look closely delivery date computer particularly 386 IBM start shipping entry market soon Compaq continue gain large large market share. Market researcher Future Computing Inc estimate Compaq's Deskpro 386 start shipping October generate sale 3.5 mln mln dlrs month. In six month availability 21 24 mln dlrs worth Deskpro 386s sold. Said Future Computing analyst Joe Cross "That's indication money IBM leave table." Reuter 