Canada's trade picture brighten considerably underscore economists' prediction sector post await recovery year. The federal government report monthly surplus soar 1.25 billion Canadian dlrs February double January's 623 mln dlrs surplus sharply high February 1986's 189 mln dlr tally. "Hopefully it's begin trend" Richardson Greenshields Canada Ltd economist Susan Clark Toronto. Economists generally don't expect gain month look upward trend throughout year. "We trade balance improve ... certainly look morning's figure indicative that" comment economist James Donegan Toronto security firm Midland Doherty Ltd. Statistics Canada report surplus driven 23 pct gain automobile product export record 3.2 billion dl month. "Recovery automotive sector help push value export 5.9 pct February" agency monthly report. Total export expand 10.44 billion dlrs 9.85 billion dlrs February import slip 9.19 billion dlrs 9.23 billion dlrs. Economists predict 1987 trade surplus five billion dlrs high year's dismal 10.1 billion dlr total. In 1985 surplus 17.48 billion dlrs. Money market analyst positive trade news touch modest rally Canadian dollar rise 76.85 U.S. ct North American market morning closing 76.58 ct Wednesday. The currency hover 76.78 ct afternoon trading. Economists banking improve trade performance stimulate otherwise sluggish Canadian economy. Money market analyst positive trade news touch modest rally Canadian dollar rise 76.85 U.S. ct North American market morning closing 76.58 ct Wednesday. The currency hover 76.78 ct afternoon trading. Economists banking improve trade performance stimulate otherwise sluggish Canadian economy. They country's consumer spending torrid pace recent sharply curtail outlay curtail flow import country. Meanwhile demand Canadian export United States country's large market expect strong result project rise American consumer spending relatively low value Canadian currency. "We maintain what's drive Canada's export performance income growth U.S." Midland's Donegan. But Bank Nova Scotia deputy chief economist Warren Jestin optimistic U.S. outlook mistake read February's trade upturn. Jestin "Given U.S. economy show sign weakening--particularly car sales--it indicate strength (in Canada's trade figures) probably transitory." Reuter 