The U.S. trade deficit Taiwan Korea expect widen despite economic currency adjustment newly industrialize country economist said. "The surplus Taiwan Korea ran U.S. 1986 bigger. This U.S. scream country exports" Steve Cerier Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. Taiwan currently third big exporter U.S. Japan Canada Korea seventh largest. Faced heighten protectionist sentiment Congress Reagan administration step rhetoric Taiwan Korea urge country allow currency appreciate lift impediment free trade. The thrust shift newly industrialize country (NICs) amid sign dollar's steep drop currency Japan EC nation -- previously main focus U.S. drive cut trade gap -- begin close competiveness gap American goods. U.S. Treasury secretary James Baker recently expect reduction Japan's trade surplus year. But U.S. manufacturer lose market doorstep Taiwan Korea whose currency risen yen mark. As major beneficiary soft oil price low labor cost Taiwanese Korean exporter well-placed slack. "In 1986 fashionable comment Washington Japan-bashing. Now it's NIC-bashing" Robert Chandross Lloyds Bank PLC. Asia's main NICs -- Hong Kong South Korea Singapore Taiwan -- account one-fifth overall 170 billion dlr U.S. merchandise trade deficit 1986. The U.S. trade gap Taiwan rise 15.7 billion dlrs 1986 13.1 billion 1985 bilateral trade deficit South Korea grow 7.1 billion 4.8 billion. And preliminary U.S. data show growth trend continuing. The U.S. trade shortfall Taiwan 1.6 billion dlrs January 24.4 pct earlier. The gap Korea 700 mln dlrs 24.8 pct ago. Lately nation step defuse incipient trade tensions. Korea choose 122 item U.S. want cut import tariff deflect pressure currency revaluation. Still South Korean trade minister Rha Woong Bae week Korea maintain trade surplus five cut 44.5 billion dlr foreign debt. For Taiwan January cut tariff 1700 good sometime half 1987 try diversify exports. But vice economic minister Wang Chien-Shien month expect Taiwan's trade surplus U.S. fall 1987. The NICs deep inroad market textile electronic goods. But Korea raise profile "big-ticket" manufacture good notably cars. Korea expect auto export -- mostly North America -- balloon 675000 unit 1987 zero 1985. "The NICs' export manufacture goods. When export rise hit heart U.S. manufacturing base. It cut directly customers" Bob Wendt manager economic study Bethlehem Steel Corp. The U.S. take 90 pct Korea's computer product export 72 pct electrical appliance 65 pct telecommunication equipment. A recent study Morgan Guaranty Trust Co say Taiwan South Korea press trade issue U.S. While Hong Kong Singapore run trade surplus U.S. offset deficit countries. But Taiwan lesser extent South Korea stand marked contrast. Both nation move rapidly bilateral surplus U.S. major overrall trade current account surplus Morgan study says. Morgan expect Taiwan's overall trade surplus grow 18.5 billion dlrs 1987 15.2 billion Korea's increase 6.5 billion dlrs 3.5 billion. Concern NICs confine U.S. "A lot Korea Taiwan's export U.S. Japan's expense" Richard Koss General Motors Corp. February's Paris meeting six major industrial power exorted NICs low trade barrier revalue currencies. But two-pronged approach drawn little response nation sizeable lag economist say. The U.S. think Taiwan's Korea's currency climb. The Taiwan dollar pegged U.S. dollar risen 15 pct September 1985 Korean won risen five pct. But real term Taiwan dollar flat U.S. unit won lose seven pct economist say. "We've see lessen competition country attribute currency changes" Bethlehem Steel's Wendt. And U.S. plea Taiwan Korea hefty export earnings import little effect. Moreover uncertain U.S. protectionism administration's free-trade stance. "It's hard anything pass year-end. And question teeth?" economist said. Reuter 