Japanese security house issue corporate bond quickly accept issue request throughout month instead month-end introduce competitive underwriting method April 1 bring Japanese firm Tokyo bond market security manager said. Domestic issue slow trickle company turn flexible overseas market cash propose move expect pave review bond issue said. "Relaxation issue rule apply straight corporate bond convertible bond warrant bond call issuer effectively overseas markets" Nikko Securities bond manager said. Securities house launch issue 10 day corporate declaration intent instead 25 day security manager said. Underwriters expect abolish lump-sum issuance corporate bond issue month-end accept issue request month said. Securities house plan introduce free competition underwriter negotiate issuer term reflect market security manager said. Market participant expect issue method apply begin April project issue Nippon Telegraph Telephone Corp>. The so-called proposal method abolishes practice take lead-managership enables market-oriented decision term security source said. The major Japanese security house turn underwriting corporate bonds. Setting issue term use financial criterion prepared security house reference coupon rate late bond automatic said. The move base wide-ranging proposal late December adviser Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa. They aim revitalise domestic corporate bond market security manager said. The finance ministry commission bank security house agree January low eligibility ceiling company want issue non-collateral straight convertible bond March 1 security manager said. The cut double corporation able non-collateral issue 70 straight bond 180 convertible security manager said. The Bond Market Committee Securities Exchange Council recommend introduction shelf registration corporate rating system simplification disclosure rule speed issue process security source said. It call major review commission bank increase cost issue domestic bond deregulation private placement said. Some proposal likely effect source said. A shelf registration revision Japanese commercial law expect 1988 source said. REUTER 