British bank resist signing 76 billion dlr reschedule package Mexico ditch effort participant contribute equally 7.7 billion dlr loan contain package. Christopher Brougham regional manager reschedule unit Lloyds Bank Plc response Reuter enquiry six major U.K. Clearing bank week sent telex Citibank say contribute request provide major lender U.S. Banks contribute 90 pct amount require them. Other banker decline identify group bank particularly Switzerland France Canada equally reluctant sign sent telex Citibank chair Mexico's 13-bank advisory group. However likely British bank sign accord likely follow. Under agreement signing Friday commercial bank contribute 12.9 pct exposure Mexico August 1982. That date Mexican debt crisis. After month haggle propose reschedule agreement Mexico struck September annual meeting World Bank International Monetary Fund Washington. Ever advisory Lloyds member attempt round need signatories. However considerable resistance package partly clause contains partly U.S. Regional bank increase exposure Latin American countries. Brougham "We (British banks) played Mexico share equally." The decision send telex agree six clearers jointly sent telex. In addition Lloyds telex sent National Westminster Bank Plc Barclays Bank Plc Midland Bank Plc tandard Chartered Bank Plc Royal Bank Scotland Plc. Brougham note U.S. Banks reach 83-1/2 pct total expect level contribution U.K. Banks excess 90 pct. "The U.S. Figure closer ours" said. Many banker angered resistance regional U.S. Banks note don't contribute loan receive exist loans. The bank week sign agreement banker hop accord plan. In meantime banker expect far pressure exercise regional bank major U.S. Banks solution problem. Many suggest large U.S. Banks additional obligation resist this. Bankers expect pressure U.S. Banks U.S. Regulators notably Federal Reserve. Bankers prefer view stance take British bank group "a matter principal burden sharing" "pressure tactic" force U.S. Banks share. The banker one upset protract negotiation surround agreement. The Mexicans themselves angered delays. At signing New York Friday Finance Minister Gustavo Petricioli sound warn recalcitrant banks. "Those support sure Mexico continue willing share opportunity future growth create" Petricioli said. Conversion bank debt equity investment Mexico option bank advantage reduce exposure. But Mexico halt debt equity February effort concentrate finalise package. On Friday Petricioli "We lot expeditious processing request bank support us." The pressure U.S. Banks come major Latin American debtor process crucial debt negotiations. Brazil third world's large debtor suspend payment 109 billion dlrs foreign debt. Many major U.S. Banks include Citibank already Brazil loan cash basis financial loss total billion dollars. This require U.S. Banking regulation payment 90 day overdue. However U.S. Banks one threaten regulations. In U.K. A propose Inland Revenue ruling affect tax treatment type loan Latin American countries. Basically ruling want limit tax credit bank claim tax withheld foreign government loan payments. The British bank planning fight proposal implementation prove extremely costly term compliance limit future business. REUTER 