U.S. House Senate budget negotiator agree overall budget accord reach yesterday cut 1.25 billion dlrs fiscal 1988 spending agricultural program Congressional source told Reuters. The agree cut farm program compromise 1.4 billion sought Senate billion House. The negotiator agree cut 1.6 billion farm budget fiscal 1989 2.45 billion 1990 total 5.3 billion save source said. The agreement present House Senate Agriculture committee difficult choice change agriculture program achieve budget saving target jeopardizing popular support payment senior Congressional aide told Reuters. Some farm lawmaker already manuevering budget savings. Rep. Dan Glickman D-Kan. Chairman House grain subcommittee introduce bill freeze wheat corn loan rate 1988 crop current 2.28 dlrs 1.92 dlrs respectively say save 500 mln dlrs. House Agriculture Committee chairman Kika De la Garza committee consider Glickman proposal. But Congressional source proposal unlikely approve opposition Republican lawmaker strong stance Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng freeze loan rate send wrong signal major grain export competitor achieve budget saving Glickman claims. Another Glickman budget saving increase acreage reduction ARP level wheat corn. However issue Lyng take strong stand Reagan administration argue 1988 crop wheat acreage reduction left 27.5 pct 30 pct sought Office Management Budget OMB. Most commodity lobbyist expect Lyng prevail. Congressional source achieve significant budget cut ARP increase boost 1988 corn ARP. But inform Congressional source singling-out corn ARP increase see unfair commodity. Congressional source area Congress likely eventually look budget saving tighten payment limitation rule adoption 0/92 1988 crop major grains. Those change achieve portion 1.25 billion said. Ultimately Congressional source agriculture committee force apply across-the-board cut Commodity Credit Corp. payment farmer include price support loan deficiency payment similar Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budget cut apply fiscal 1986. This idea suggest American Farm Bureau Federation AFBF fairest approach commodities. Reuter 