Borg-Warner Corp vigorously resist GAF Corp's 46-dlr-per-share takeover offer Midwest conglomerate fall prey offer either GAF management analyst believe. Analysts Borg-Warner attempt escape GAF restructuring. The speculation push Borg-Warner's stock 1-3/8 48-1/2 heavy trading. Analysts predict feisty GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman stage tough campaign gain control Borg-Warner add profitable plastic chemical GAF. "It seem deal (raider Irwin) Jacobs don't take over. The question acquiesce GAF. I instinctively remain independent" Dudley Heer Duff Phelps. Borg-Warner siege takeover speculation year. Last week Jacobs' investment vehicle Minstar Inc investor sell 10.1 mln Borg-Warner shares. The GAF Corp raise stake 9.1 mln share 19.9 pct outstanding. Jacobs interested buying company step transaction. "Their (Borg-Warner) policy stonewall nine months. It's dullest corporate battle I've seen" analyst. The battle heat range breakup value Wall Street span current market price 60 dlrs share. Most analyst price low 50 appropriate. Arbitragers speculate GAF easily 3.16 billion dlr offer buy balance Borg-Warner. Analysts GAF predict Heyman either Borg-Warner enrich chemical building material company way. Heyman ago attempt unsuccessful takeover Union Carbide Corp GAF benefit company's restructuring. "Borg Warner can't quibble it's legitimate offer. It seem short Borg Warner rock hard place. They either accept 46 dlr proposal deal it's sweetened. I personally company (worth) 55 dlrs share" Pershing analyst Richard Henderson. Henderson speculate company attempt restructuring carry Goodyear Tire Rubber Co court Sir James Goldsmith. The company bought financier's stock carry wider share repurchase. Arbitragers believe Heyman seek "greenmail" repurchase stock company premium. Analysts note Heyman seem problem financing transaction. Previously associate "junk bond" expert Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc GAf finance Borg-Warner takeover bank financing. GAF tender offer follow merger agreement approve Borg-WArner board condition board's recommendation tender offer merger. Heyman letter Borg-Warner expect merger provide job security Borg-Warner employee company business overlap. Analysts believe Heyman sell asset repay debt transaction. GAF's stock rise 1-5/8 48-5/8. "I believe obviously GAF take Borg-Warner level propose enhance GAF share value substantially" Oppenheimer analyst Charles Rose. He 46 dlrs share Heyman's average cost company's stock 44 dlrs share base GAF's current holdings. Rose Borg-Warner plastic chemical make thermo-plastics asset attract Heyman. Analysts account third Borg's earnings. The plastic telephone equipment office equipment appliances. "Borg half market U.S. lead technical player lead innovator" Rose said. Its competitor Dow Chemical Co DOW> Monsanto Corp MTC> said. Borg-Warner automotive part protective system include Wells Fargo security guards. It information service try sell financial service business. Borg-Warner earn 206.1 mln dlrs 2.35 dlrs share revenue 3.62 billion dlrs 1986. Smaller GAF 1986 earn operating basis 80.7 mln dlrs 2.22 dlrs share sale 753.8 mln dlrs. GAF's net earnings include tax gain 201.4 mln participation Union Carbide exchange offer special union carbide dividend sale Union Carbide shares. Reuter 