The tough trade sanction President Reagan impose Japanese export shot across Japan's bow sign Reagan attack unfair trade practice worldwide U.S. official said. But Robert Crandall trade specialist Brookings Institution tank "a shot across bow result shot stern." He left United States retaliation. The U.S. official 100 pct tariff Reagan order 300 mln dlrs worth Japanese good show Congress tough pro-trade stand take exist law protectionist legislation needed. In past tough trade action take European Community corn sorghum Taiwan beer wine South Korea counterfeit copyright patent trademarkets Japan tobacco. White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporter tariff - five pct - see "serious signal" nation fair trade practices. Reagan impose sanction computer television set tool Japan honor agreement dump semiconductor market cost market U.S. products. The tariff place item available source little effect American consumer Fitzwater said. Reagan heavy pressure tougher action - especially Japan - global unfair trade practice reverse grow U.S. trade deficit. The alternative Congress would. The U.S. trade gap record 169.8 billion dlrs continue rise Japan accounting one-third America's overall deficit. But two-way deficit - Canada West Germany Taiwan South Korea - Reagan official president ready fight all. Reagan announce sanction "I regret action necessary" health vitality U.S. semiconductor industry essential American competitiveness markets. "We cannot allow jeopardized unfair trading practices" Reagan add statement California vacation Santa Barbara. He tariff remain force Japan abide agreement. U.S. official action show Congress - write trade bill - already tool need fight unfair trade. The White House aide tariff action "it wasn't appease Congress unfair trade practice." The aide add "on plane example administration us trade law fight unfair practice necessary major overall trade laws." But analyst Crandall tariff action interest United States negotiation pursue resolve issue. "It's dangerous retaliatory route" "because lead retaliation restriction trade." Crandall "the administration do political impact across country therefore impact Congress." He "I don't make lot sense." But analyst little difference whether tariff aim U.S. trading partner Congress main trading partner notice retaliation weapon Reagan ready use. Spokesman Fitzwater "we don't trade war" imposition sanction show United States act evidence trade pact violated. Crandall "the administration do political impact across country therefore impact Congress." He "I don't make lot sense." But analyst little difference whether tariff aim U.S. trading partner Congress main trading partner notice retaliation weapon Reagan ready use. Spokesman Fitzwater "we don't trade war" imposition sanction show United States act evidence trade pact violated. Reuter 