U.S. bank reserve monetary discount window borrowing data release Federal Reserve clearly indicate policy "on hold" change week month economist said. "The Fed keep policy dead center change policy unless fairly dramatic occurs economy" John Williams Bankers Trust Co. "These number contain hint policy shift prospect nor economic financial development argue policy change" William Griggs Griggs Santow Inc. Fed data release line economists' expectation similar number recent weeks. The Fed net discount window borrowing week end Wednesday average 191 mln dlrs 381 mln dlrs February 25 statement period little change 160 mln dlrs period that. It banks' net free reserve late week average 660 mln dlrs versus 675 mln dlrs previously. Finally Fed M-1 money supply fell 800 mln dlrs February broader M-2 measure 1.6 billion dlrs M-3 billion dlrs. Analysts M-1 month grow negative 1.3 pct annual rate compare minus 0.7 pct M-2 actual positive growth 1.0 pct annualized M-3. February level M-2 M-3 left aggregate 18.2 20.8 billion dlrs respective upper growth limit Fed 1987. The annual growth target 5-1/2 8-1/2 pct. There M-1 target. "In near term absolutely reason Fed ease policy apart slowdown money growth" Stephen Slifer economist Lehman Government Securities Inc. Economists generally expect modest pickup monetary growth March February's anemic growth rates. However stress money growth strong prevent Fed drop rate far economy show evidence weakness. Commenting February's decline key M-2 aggregate Slifer main cause 3.2 billion dlr drop money market deposit banks. This risen billion dlrs month February's weakness likely persist. Slifer expect modest M-2 M-3 growth rate 3-1/2 pct March. Griggs M-2 M-3 come month return five seven pct annualized growth region continue Fed. Economists Fed appear comfortable current policy stance likely wait month economic data decide whether ease grip reserves. Given economy's fragility sector analyst agree chance Fed choose raise low rate change policy. "Discount window borrowing past week low Fed Fed fund held above six pct" Williams Bankers Trust. Funds average 6.12 pct week Wednesday 6.06 pct prior week. The Fed add reserve indirectly via billion dlrs customer repurchase agreement Friday 2.5 billion dlrs Monday billion dlrs Wednesday. On Tuesday add reserve directly two-day System repurchases. Williams Griggs agree Fed fund rate largely market-driven. They focus instead borrowing target 300 mln dlrs. Reuter 