Buoyed low fuel price favourable currency factor Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd's CAPH.HK> 1986 profit expect surpass airline's forecast billion H.K. Dlrs stock analyst said. Analysts expect airline show net earnings 1.1 billion 1.25 billion dlrs report result tomorrow company. Cathay 51 pct own Swire Pacific Ltd SWPC.HK> earnings forecast prospectus flotation May year. Cathay expect pay 13-cent final dividend make total 19 cent forecast prospectus analyst poll Reuters said. They airline's performance improve half report interim profit 503 mln dlrs. The weakness local currency pegged 7.80 U.S. Dollar low fuel price move far company's favour assumption prospectus flotation James Capel (Far East) Ltd said. James Capel estimate average fuel price airline industry 1986 63 U.S. Cents gallon 27 pct below 1985 level. It pct movement fuel price affect Cathay's net profit 10 mln dlrs forecast profit 1.25 billion dlrs. Analysts company's estimate fuel price currency movement prospectus conservative. "This reflect interim result show profit margin increased" Frederick Tsang Mansion House Securities (F.E.) Ltd. Cathay's six-month turnover rise 19.8 pct year-earlier level profit rise 69 pct. The rise oil price late 1986 little impact company's fuel oil bill aviation fuel price usually lag behind crude price movement month analyst said. By September yen risen 54 pct Hong Kong dollar 1985 mark 43 pct sterling 12 pct. "Overall weakness Hong Kong dollar Cathay's major trading currency help push passenger yield half 7.2 pct" James Capel. "This continue half enable passenger yield 7.6 pct." A strong performance 2.9 billion dlrs cash management improve profit James Capel said. A improvement air traffic contribute Cathay's revenue increase company's load factor decline increase competition expansion fleet services. James Capel estimate Cathay's passenger-kilometres flown rise six pct 1985 freight-kilometres flown climbed 17 pct airline's load factor probably fell 68.8 pct 70 pct. "Cathay add plane force fly route threat competition Dragon Air" Tsang. "This affected load factor." Fear competition fledgling carrier Hong Kong Dragon Airways Ltd> contribute Cathay's decision resume service New Zealand analyst said. REUTER 