Congressional investigator Iran-contra scandal tentatively agree grant immunity prosecution star witness --President Reagan's former security adviser John Poindexter congressional source today. Sources told Reuters chief counsel special committee probe two-year episode darken White House image plan preliminary accord court-appointed special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh possibly tomorrow. The tentative accord follow week negotiate Walsh committee members. Poindexter high rank official grant immunity investigation 1985-1986 arm sale Iran gain release hostage held Lebanon clandestine shift arm profit arm U.S.-backed rebel Nicaragua aid illegal. If agreement --reached Friday Arthur Liman John Nields chief legal advisor Senate House committee respectively --is ratify expect Walsh full committee close interview held Poindexter month testimony 90 day mid June source said. "They tentatively reach agreement suppose meet Walsh deputies" source told Reuters deliberation chief counsel Sources Poindexter assist investigator determine Reagan diversion fund arm sale Iran rebel Nicaragua anything. Reagan deny know shift fund admit give order sell arm Israel either August shipment September 1985 can't remember when. Congress kept dark affair autumn. "He credible witness" source pipe-smoking Poindexter. Besides Reagan's knowledge lack key unanswered question linger earlier congressional investigator special presidential review board receive million dollar clandestine arm profits. So money trail uncovered probers stop secret Swiss Cayman Islands bank accounts. The committee privately negotiate Walsh immunity matter prosecutor call independent counsel urge committee hold request 90 days. Under tentative accord wish Walsh met testimony expect 90 days. Poindexter Navy vice admiral fire deputy National Security Council Marine Lt. Col. Oliver North refuse testify investigator claim fifth amendment right self incrimination. Yesterday Vice President George Bush television interview disagreed Maureen court martial disclaim detail divert funds. So grant immunity compel testimony reluctant witness grant five persons--with key figure shadowy California international arm merchant Albert Hakim. Also get immunity North's attractive personal secretary Fawn Hall assist North shred document White House basement office scandal broke. Reuter 