More U.K. Lenders offering homebuyers fix rate mortgage borrower make monthly payment matter happens rates. And mortgage rate low level loan snap eager buyer try lock cheap money. The decision offer fix rate loan industry official reflect increasingly competitive nature mortgage business. While fix rate mortgage uncommon U.K. They mainstay U.S. Up ago. But 1980s rate soared. U.S. Lenders mostly saving loan association earn rate low pct 30 fix rate mortgage held portfolio pay depositor rate 15 pct induce retain accounts. As result hundred institution collapse force merge. The survivor decide offer mortgage whose rate move line cost funds. "We example U.S. Thrifts mind" spokesman Abbey National Building Society explain institution offering variable rate mortgages. The rash advertising solicit help homebuyers choosier loan lender concede force undercut more. Sharp cut variable rate mortgage announce earlier week nation's large building society National Westminster Bank Plc reflect grow competition official institution said. The fix rate mortgage offer carry rate below variable rate loans. "Of course profitable (variable rate) mortgages" spokesman Midland Bank Plc earlier earmark 500 mln dlrs fix rate mortgage loans. But bank willing offer profitable loan "It attract mortgage product." Trustee Savings Bank Plc (TSB) offering five fix rate mortgage 9.9 pct earlier year. The 100 mln stg TSB aside loan exhaust day accord spokeswoman. "Everybody love 10 pct mortgage" note five day bank loan equivalent 25 pct 1986 volume. In short appeal fix rate mortgage offer opportunity gamble direction rates. If rate fall mortgage lender earn above average return assets. But rate rise homebuyer won benefit cheap money. Household Mortgage Co plan offer 25 fix rate mortgage June 11 election assumption Conservative Party victory money market rate fall far accord Duncan Young manage director. Young explain company plan protect chance rise rate buying complicate hedge instrument. But money market rate risen contrary expectation company shelve plan being. He money market rate arrange mortgage hedge profitably. However Household Mortgage Co fix rate mortgage likely securitise them. This mean bundling mortgage together resemble bond sell investor. For technical reason securitisation simpler efficient fix rate float rate mortgages. In U.S. Where fix rate mortgage popular securitisation provide bulk mortgage money past years. REUTER 