A leaf disease affect seven pct Sri Lanka's rubber plantation reduce output raise currently depressed price industry official researcher told Reuters. About 2900 hectare rubber plant Rubber Research Institute (RRI) clone 103 hit fungus "corenes pora" attack root tree kill leaves. The disease discover six month ago. Trade source price boom crisis lead output below 1987 target 143000 tonnes. Last year's output estimate 133000 135000 tonnes. Researchers fungus spread rubber clone immediate action taken. "The RRI consider ask estate remove tree seriously affected fungus late chemical kill disease" Institute spokesman said. Senior industry research official met yesterday Padukka east discus way control fungus affect estate mostly belonging State Plantations Corp Janatha Estates Development Board. The state-owned group account 30 pct rubber land balance belonging private producer total 145600 hectares. The RRIC 103 clone propagate Research Institute yield recommend ago planting. Only group seriously plant clone smallholder prefer low-yielding old PBX Malaysian clones. Officials yesterday's crisis meeting decide uproot affected tree treated. They decline comment decision taken. Trade source supply improve past week price hit low December. "If shortage rubber price bound rise" spokesman company buying behalf Soviet Union said. Rubber price particularly crepe fell sharply rupee kilo December March. The crepe one-X trade 23.68 rupee kilo average 19.75 week's auction. Sheet price fell rupee period. Quantities offer auction fell average 300 tonne auction month 800 tonne December winter February produce areas. Over 550 tonne offer Tuesday's auction supply position show improvements. Trade source small availability rubber month raise price previous occasions. "Some factor storage space excess stock meant buy auction dispose rubber already had" buyer said. Other source forward contract speculative buying month delay steamer arrival aggravate problem. European buyer delayed purchase winter closure factory hope price ease further. They hit industry dry spell produce areas. "If inter-monsoonal rain expect late March/April delayed far shortages" official said. "But benefit prices" buyer said. Reuter 