Nippon Life Insurance Co's 538 mln dlr purchase 13 pct stake Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc brokerage unit shrewd move Japanese insurer likely follow security analyst said. The investment Wall Street's top brokerage house likely pay dollar international market position said. "It's trend towards grow capital participation Japanese insurance firm foreign financial institutions" Simon Smithson analyst Kleinwort Benson International Inc Tokyo. The investment Shearson Lehman grow firm described analyst top U.S. Retail brokerage Nippon Life ringside seat possibly low commission Wall Street invests increase percentage asset 90.2 billion dlrs said. Nippon Life staff acquire expertise sector yet open Japan added. The agreement company call 50-50 joint venture London focus investment advisory asset management market research consult financing. Nippon Life Japan's large insurance company world's big institutional investor analyst said. The Japanese finance ministry expect approve deal April make Nippon Life Japanese insurance firm stake U.S. Financial firm. The limit foreign asset proportion Japanese insurers' asset increase 25 pct 10 pct year. Since step purchase foreign stock sought deepen understandng foreign market instruments. Last Sumitomo Life Insurance Co official appoint E.F. Hutton Group Inc unit E.F. Hutton Co's board Sumitomo Bank Ltd spent 500 mln dlrs limited partner Goldman Sachs Co. Smithson Japanese bank start buying small problem-plagued bank 1984. "But Japanese blue-chip organisations" said. "It's reflection happen manufacturing industries" Brian Waterhouse James Capel Co. "With historically yen historically low rate there's increase disincentive invest Japan." Competition fund management grown great Japanese savings. The typical salaried employee 7.33 mln yen saving reflect annual average saving rate 17 18 pct said. To stay competitive fund manager invest overseas gain experience financial instrument likely spread Japan far deregulation. "The regulatory environment delayed (life insurance firms') diversification. Now there's grow product environment increase competition performance fund management" Smithson said. REUTER 