Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou Greek arm froces ready tackle aggressor follow sail Turkish research vessel warship towards dispute water Aegean Sea. Papandreou told emergency cabinet meeting Athens "the military readiness country able hard lesson neighbour (Turkey) carry military actions." He activity research vessel aim partition Aegean. "The air force navy army alert" General Guven Ergenc Secretary General Turkish General Staff told news conference. He Turkish research ship Sismik 1 escort unspecified warship sail dispute water Aegean Sea tomorrow morning. Ergenc told Reuters leave cancel arm force Aegean coast area. The Turkish government yesterday license state-owned Turkish Petroleum Corp explore oil international water Greek island Turkey. Greece Turkey long-standing dispute area Aegean presence Turkish troop Cyprus. The late row erupt Greek government month take control Canadian-led consortium already produce oil Greek island Thassos drill takeover. Ergenc told news conference alert follow government decision Turkey protect interest "because measure Greece take Aegean violation international agreements." Asked Turkey react Greece attack vessel "If attack clear done. An attack warship cause war." But add "We war. The measure take military direct towards protect rights." Greece yesterday defend right Aegean urge Turkey accept reference dispute International Court Justice The Hague. Turkish Foreign Ministry spokesman Yalim Eralp told reporter unacceptable precondition Athens attached. In Athens Greek Prime Minister Papandreou Turkish vessel Sismik 1 research operation "we hinder course word cannot stop words." Greek newspaper arm force alert navy ship go Aegean. But government spokesman Yannis Roubatis confirm move say "The Greek fleet naval base." Papandreou map issue Turkey show 95 pct area propose research Greek continental shelf. Papandreou told U.S. And NATO orchestrate crisis force Greece negotiate Turkey Greek government accept it. Papandreou maintain past negotiate Ankara Turkey recognises Greek right Aegean withdraws troop Cyprus. He Turkey Greece discus future American military base here. Asked reporter close U.S. Bases Greece event Papandreou reply "Obviously war." REUTER 