The Louvre accord currency stability maintain uneasy calm currency market February appear serious danger transatlantic dispute West German rate boil foreign exchange dealer said. But dollar slid mark stock bond market plunge official major industrial country played dispute bilateral United States West Germany insist currency pact alive. U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker spark market fear attack rise West German short-term rates. "That's keep spirit agree recently earlier month Washington" Baker U.S. Television interview Sunday. He refer meeting Finance Ministers Group Seven (G7) lead industrial nation reaffirm pact. Under Louvre Accord West Germany Japan trade surplus pledge boost economic growth export U.S. While U.S. Agreed stop talk dollar down. However Baker Saturday Louvre agreement operative West German rate move force U.S. To re-examine accord. "The foreign exchange market told Baker he's hammer Germany ... He declare bet term currency cooperation" Chris Johns currency analyst UBS-Phillips Drew London said. But Bank Japan official sanguine view tell Reuters "the exchange market apparently react anyone sell dollar Baker comment regret on." French Finance Minister Edouard Balladur host Louvre meeting G7 Finance Ministers respond directly Baker's remarks. He call "a faithful firm adherence major industrial country Louvre accord -- letter spirit." Neither West German Finance Ministry nor British Treasury comment row. But Japanese Finance Ministry official despite U.S. Frustration high rate abroad "this represent readiness scrap basic framework Louvre Accord." In Frankfurt F. Wilhelm Christians joint chief executive West Germany's large bank Deutsche Bank follow recent meeting Baker believe U.S. Was commit accord. In move market interpret gesture reconciliation Bundesbank add short-term liquidity West German money market 3.80 pct Monday 3.85 pct level inject medium-term liquidity week. The Bank France step French money market hold rate inject short-term liquidity 7-3/4 pct rate rise close eight pct. Reuter 