Caesars World Inc CAW> director unanimously approve recapitalization plan stockholder cash distribution 25 dlrs share via one-time special cash dividend retain common stock ownership Caesars World. Caesars World expect raise approximately billion dlrs need pay 25 dlr share dividend expense recapitalization 200 mln dlrs bank borrowing sale approximately 800 mln dlrs debt. Some outstanding debt retired. Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc Caesars' financial advisor told company confident arrange entire financing need recapitalization. Henry Gluck chairman chief executive officer hotel casino resort company statement board believe recapitalization plan financially superior 28 dlr share tender offer Martin Sosnoff. Gluck Caesars World board recommends shareholder reject Sosnoff offer. The stock close 29.25 dlrs share Friday. "Our ability restructure line primarily financial stability strong operating result achieve management recent years" Gluck said. He recapitalization take effect proforma net income fiscal end July 31 1988 expect 28.7 mln dlrs. Fiscal 1988 primary earnings share project 76 cent base 37.8 mln post-recapitalization common common-equivalent share outstanding. Commenting company's longer term earnings outlook Gluck "we project net income increase 86.2 mln dlrs 1992 reflect increase operating income low expense due retirement 267 mln dlrs debt incur connection recapitalization." He company usually release projection beause significance recapitalization. Gluck recapitalization plan submit stockholder approval special meeting expect June. The plan require approval stockholder Nevada New Jersey game regulatory authorities. As plan company change incorporation Florida Delaware mean merger Caesars World wholly own subsidiary company. The incorporation certificate bylaw provide "fair price" provision require transaction interested 15 pct stockholder approve 80 pct vote stockholder exclude share held interested stockholders. Caesars World statement "the cash distribution result substantial deficit stockholders' equity." It estimate size deficit. But company financial advisor believe recapitalization Caesars World financial flexibility resource necessary finance current project operating capital requirements. REUTER 