The South Korean stock market seem consolidate follow government measure cool rapid rise domestic foreign analyst said. The composite index hit record 405.13 week nearly 50 pct New Year stood 264.82 plunge 383.48 close April 3 government intervened. Under measure industrial firm bank loan worth 50 billion won either offer share issue convertible bond repay loans. Securities house sell share hold volume exceeds 40 pct paid-in capital. The ceiling investment trust firm fix 50 pct. South Korean firm traditionally prefer obtain low bank loan -- current rate 10 pct -- issue bond high rate float share issue attendant dividend pressure launch expenses. The Seoul Stock Exchange 355 list stock grow explosively month building already impressive 68.9 pct gain 1986. Analysts expect market pause temporarily resume upward movement despite indirect government regulation. They continuous growth nation's gross product (GNP) trade surplus improve export performance industrial firm fuel boom. The trade surplus widen 460 mln dlrs March 110 mln February government economist expect GNP grow nine pct year. Analysts deep slump real estate market increase liquidity stock market. "Many investor confident market lose strength. It seem likely pause rebound again" Park Sin-bom director Lucky Securities Co. "There positive factor negative. The market buoyed ample liquidity thanks economy's strong performance." The stock market recover Saturday's half-day session index closing 397.24 active trading Monday close low Tuesday 390.24 turnover 76 billion won. "I market flat being.... It prone profit-taking sharp gain month various government measures" foreign analyst said. "But market rest fundamental expect rise investor bullish slightest sign market recovery." He add newly launch 30 mln dlr Korea Europe Fund impact South Korean stock market despite volume compare 5.72 trillion won list capital Seoul exchange. Local dealer recommend blue chip financial share stand benefit continue trade friction United States Japan rumour restructuring local finance houses. Dealers cite share domestically orient firm vulnerable effect gradual appreciation won. REUTER 