The U.S. oil gas industry health ago accord testimony Texas Railroad Commission annual industry hearing today. The Commission regulates state's oil gas industry heard testimony high-level company executive reflect belief recent industry downturn bottom out. "The attitude express deal optimistic (than year)" Commissioner James E. (Jim) Nugent told Reuters. "It reflect (the executives) belief see bottom economic cycle" add "and reasonable break industry begin move again." The energy industry hard hit sharp drop oil price fell 30 dlrs barrel late 1985 low 10 dlrs mid-1986. Prices steady 18 dlrs barrel. At company executive testify nation's domestic exploration production segment hurt government help. Production cost considerably high United States area Middle East price fell domestic producer force shut operations. Currently 760 oil rig operating United States compare average nearly 2000 1985. Citing study release yesterday Department Energy fall production domestic oil couple increase U.S. demand lead grow dependency import particularly politically volatile Middle East. "In U.S. 1986 petroleum production respond low price increase 2.5 pct 400000 barrel (bpd)" J.S. Simon General Manager Supply Department Exxon Corp XON> nation's large oil company. At Simon "U.S. oil production decline 300000 bpd decline years" "net petroleum import 25 pct 5.3 mln bpd." Noting oil price expect remain 13 20 dlrs barrel depend OPEC's ability control production Simon demand expect remain 1986 level lead "a significant amount spare worldwide production capacity excess 10 mln bpd." He surplus capacity lead continued volatility call "governmental regulatory policy support domestic petroleum industry." Citing cost recently impose federal government 1986 tax code change "Superfund" legislation Simon call repeal windfall profit tax total decontrol natural gas improve access federal land oil gas exploration. Simon mention oil import fee industry call building nation's domestic operation import reach level security compromised. In yesterday's report Energy Department import 50 pct U.S. demand 1995 add Persian Gulf producer provide 65 pct free world's total oil consumption date. Arguing "oil political tool nation earth" Frank Pitts chairman Pitts Oil Co> call variable oil import fee measure "before treacherous foothold Middle East irreversible security compromised." Royce Wisenbaker Chairman Wisenbaker Production Co agree say federal government program intention probably turn "shambles." Wisenbaker add optimistic future. "For manage hold bad over" said. Roger Hemminghaus President Diamond Shamrock Refining Marketing Co "enthusiastic future" add expect "an increase profitability midyear." Reuter 