Texaco Inc.'s plunge bankruptcy shield post bond 10.53 billion dlr legal battle Pennzoil Co. PZL> strategy breathing fight 1984 acquisition Getty Oil Co. wind U.S. Supreme Court analyst said. Texaco nation's third-largest oil company file protection Chapter 11 U.S. bankruptcy code earlier say choice Pennzoil's refusal negotiate reasonable settlement. But unlike Chapter 11 case Texaco proceed result major reorganization company affect daily operation expert said. "This piece financial history" Sanford Margoshes analyst Shearson Lehman Brothers bankruptcy filing. "What Texaco do buying fight battle courts. They hope upheld go U.S. Supreme Court." Margoshes anticipate significant change Texaco's oil exploration production bankruptcy filing affect pct giant oil company's 32.6 billion dlrs annual revenues. Texaco executive bankruptcy filing effectively halt payment stock dividend repayment 6.8 billion dlr debt add company's asset exceed liabilities. "Texaco's cash flow respectable rate 15 dlrs share annually" Margoshes said. "Obviously Chapter 11 seek protection creditor seek protection predator Pennzoil." The company lock acrimonious struggle Texas court jury November 1985 order Texaco pay Pennzoil 10.53 billion dlrs improperly interfere Pennzoil's plan acquisition Getty Oil Co. In major setback Texaco week U.S. Supreme Court Texaco abide Texas law require post bond full amount judgment merit appealed. Although Texas appeal court hearing schedule Monday (April 13) Texaco's motion reduce amount bond require law Texaco elect risk lose court ruling require post 10 billion dlrs collateral. The bankruptcy filing analyst effectively freeze Texaco's obligation continue appeal merit Pennzoil lawsuit. "This drastic measure" Rosario Ilacqua analyst L.F. Rothschild New York. "But it's indictment legal country Texaco force seek bankruptcy couldn't fair hearing." Ilacqua predict Texas jury judgment ultimately overturn whittle original 10.53 billion dlrs amount increase 2.5 mln dlrs accumulate daily. Texaco contest ruling insist Pennzoil valid contract New York law acquire Getty Oil. Suggestions expert Texaco bankruptcy incentive Pennzoil low settlement demand widely believe 3 billion 5 billion dlrs discount indignant Pennzoil executives. "I make difficult settle" Baine Kerr Pennzoil's retire president act company's chief negotiator Texaco litigation. "I that's main reason it." Joseph Jamail Houston lawyer Pennzoil company late settlement offer Texaco Saturday take surprise Texaco file bankruptcy. He decline reveal amount proposal cite confidentiality agreement companies. "Texaco told instead chose bankruptcy court" Jamail said. "This irresponsible unneeded move." Ilacqua bankruptcy filing appear eliminate chance settlement near-term. "There crazy number float settlement discussions" Ilacqua said. "I 1 billion dlr settlement adequate Pennzoil. I don't Texas jury really understood money is. They give Pennzoil astronomical judgment." Analysts expect Texaco stock close Friday 31 7/8 slip 25 New York Stock Exchange open Monday morning. Lawyers Pennzoil believe company prevail court appeal add Texaco's asset ample ultimately pay Pennzoil judgment full. Reuter 