The complex task wield control monetary policy increasingly fast-moving global economy aid tie policy commodity price new member Federal Reserve Board says. Commodity price already consider Fed make monetary policy. But great role idea float Governor Robert Heller join board August. He conceeds study idea need argues arrangement particularly adopt major industrial country reduce volatility exchange rates. Moreover stabilize price commodity themselves slow change inflation. His idea conservative economist appeal backing board appoint recent President Reagan. It complement opening closing monetary screw base pattern inflation key indicator unemployment rise fall money supply. Changes money supply lead change rate affect economic activity directly. Discussed commodity concept grow search anchor monetary policy widely-fluxtuating currency price solid base. "What need anchor reference serve guide domestic international monetary purposes" say Heller. In past anchor gold United States gold standard global economy vastly outstrip gold supplies. A return gold standard generally dismiss policymakers ground large producer gold Soviet Union South Africa. The so-called fix rate scuttle 1970s consider unworkable world. But current float currency currency fluxtuate widely add vast pressure monetary widely questioned. Some suggest benefit formal approach mandate intervention country currency wander above below agree level major problem also. For justifiable concern country relunctant intervene detrimental domestic economy. Moreover question whether concert intervention inpact overall market agree fundamental judgement. The poorest country call monetary conference surprisingly help cope overpower debt problems. Treasury Secretary James Baker Reagan administration's chief economic architect prefer so-called Group Five industrial country sometimes Seven forum cooperative agreement currency economic matters. He appear convince official West Germany France Britain Japan Italy Canada talk quietly behind close door reach reason decision posturing. The Heller approach extremely complex profound impact ideally stabalizing price international exchange rates. As envision Heller basket 30 major commodity range wheat oil together price measure regular basis. "In time rise commodity price monetary policy tighten time fall commodity price montary policy eased" says. He note commodity price trade daily auction market commodity price index calculate virtually continuous basis. Moreover commodity price produce consume trade world-wide basis "that index relevance entire world" says. In addition commodity price begin production chain serve imput virtually production processes. "Focusing commodity price sensitive indicator current future price pressure monetary authority index account make monetary policy decisions" says. However say major change basic commodity occur oil 1970s action OPEC cartel discount system. He say bad happen allow monetary policy spread freakish increase commodity rest commodities. Reuter 