Investors rid bull market U.S. stock sting reminder unexpected news trigger sharp reversals. "The market ripe type pullback" Frank Korth analyst Shearson Lehman Brothers. He weekend investor ponder President Reagan's decision impose tariff Japanese electronic good conclude step signal begin trade war. The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunge 79 point 30 minute stabilize make partial recovery. Korth believe over-reaction near-term trader step buy one-half one-quarter investment considering. "We're bull market" William Raftery Smith Barney Harris Upham Co. He think history show sharp pullback natural bull markets. "The bear usually strike slowly" said. Raftery note blue chip forefront rally market record high week. In today's decline name stock come normal alignment market. Charles Comer Moseley Securities Corp ultimately pullback prove pre-shock await correction. But believe bull market remains intact. However week market complete "distribution process" rallies. Comer think premature conclude today's action signal formation market top. He think market hold low mid 2200 Dow index. "This probably correction expected" Crandall Hays Robert W. Baird Co. Hays note market breadth deteriorate week. He morning investor dollar far rate gold up. "The trade spook bad happen once" said. "This correction 150 point we're half-way now" today. He think downward move stock price couple weeks. Business condition seem get accord hears broad cross-section company retailer machinery manufacturers. "The market look correction excuse market down" Alan Ackerman Gruntal Co. He believe investor mood extreme caution slightly negative near term. Ackerman think U.S. attempt "fire shot across Japan's bow we're serious have closer trade ties." But nevertheless investor rattle "a perception full scale trade possible." Ultimately unless accord effect high rate unemployment said. "I anticipate far correction week" Harry Laubscher Tucker Anthony R.L. Day. He think pullback "the start overdue correction six 10 pct market highs." Although investor reason worry high interest rate return inflation Laubscher say "it bull market." "The market look reason knock little bit trade sanction come largely surprise market attach to" Gary Ciminero Fleet Financial Group. 